review
Im not a huge mcds lover but Ive been to better ones. This is by far the worst one Ive ever been too! Its filthy inside and if you get drive through they completely screw up your order every time! The staff is terribly unfriendly and nobody seems to care.
Terrible customer service. ?I came in at pm and stood in front of the register and no one bothered to say anything or help me for  minutes. ?There was no one else waiting for their food inside either just outside at the window. ? I left and went to Chickfila next door and was greeted before I was all the way inside. This McDonalds is also dirty the floor was covered with dropped food. Obviously filled with surly and unhappy workers.
First they lost my order actually they gave it to someone one else than took  minutes to figure out why I was still waiting for my order.They after I was asked what I needed I replied my order.They asked for my ticket and the asst mgr looked at the ticket then incompletely filled it.I had to ask her to check to see if she filled it correctly.She acted as if she couldnt be bothered with that so I asked her again.She begrudgingly checked to she did in fact miss something on the ticket.So after  minutes I finally had my breakfast biscuit platter.As I left an woman approached and identified herself as the manager she was dressed as if she had just awoken in an old t-shirt and sweat pants.She said she had heard what happened and said shed take care of it.Well why didnt she intervene when she saw I was growing annoyed with the incompetence?
I see Im not the only one giving  star. Only because there is not a - Star!!! Thats all I need to say!
Well its McDonalds so you know what the food is. ?This review reflects solely on the poor service. ?I have been to this location countless times over the years. ?They consistently fail on the service end of things. ?The order takers tend to be rude no smiles and a lot of sighs and lip smacking when you talk to them. ?So why go back you ask? This store benefits from being the only place to eat in this area. ?The next stop is at least  minutes away on the other side of town. ?Also I strongly believe in nd chances and know that not every business can satisfy everyone % of the time. ?I have given them many chances at earning a positive review. ?I could not recommend this location any less. ?If you can wait take a pass. ?There are better McDonalds stores in Griffin GA.
This has to be one of the worst and slowest McDonalds franchises there is. Cant figure out why my Egg McMuffin is always on a stale un-toasted English muffin. Bought A chocolate shake today and threw it away.
Im not crazy about this McDonalds. ?This is primarily because they are so slow. ?My gosh what exactly is the hold up? ?Its FAST food people. ?Also this morning I guess the worker thought his mic was off but it wasnt. ?I now know that he is trying to get as many hours as possible because he needs money BAD. ?Spread the word. ?Anyway this location is on a little access road ?and you have to go back the way you came because there is no exit from it at the other end. ?It would have helped if there was one. ?So in the end I think Ill avoid this location and find another. ?This should be easy as there is no shortage of Mickey Ds in this piece.
One Star and Im beng kind. I blame management. last day of free coffee so we decide to stop and order breakfast and coffees thru drive-thru. She charged us for coffee and when asked why she said she needed to confirm there were two of us in the car. Now she has to clear the order and that took retraining. Ask next time at tthe speaker.Oh it gets better....We get to next window where Einstein is waiting pours the coffees with different creamssugars added. Which one is which? I asked... and he smiled and said One has  cream  sugar and the other has  cream  sugar.. didnt maek the cups... but at least he made sure we had straws for our coffees.... Hello? management? Where are You?
Never been upset about any fast food drive thru service till I came to this McDonalds.After a long trip from California my wife and I went to McDonalds for a quick bite to eat before our drive back home. We pull up to the drive thru but there are a lot of cars waiting to order. We were guessing there must be a lot demand for McDonalds at this late hour. So we wait about  -  minutes for our turn to order. We order the specials they were having at that time  pcs chicken nuggets for $ and asked for a cup of water because we didnt want to drink any sodas at that late hour. They take our order but tells us they dont serve cups of water there. So we are a little annoyed but ok we shrug it off and wait our turn to pay and receive our order. However we wait for almost another  min to finally pay at the first window - then another  more min to finally receive our food. By far the worst McDonalds in the world. Unfriendly and slow.
This McDonalds has gotten much better. Usually my order would be wrong every single time so I would not leave that window until I checked every single item. I only hit up fast food once a month or so and it needs to be worth it. Also the fries used to be cold and the cheese on the burger was never melted. Everything was just lukewarm. Now my order has been right a few times in a row and my food hot. Also I love dining room. Usually you wouldnt find me actually inside a fast food joint but this place has nice flooring stacked stone lots of large windows and a flat screen TV usually on HLN. Sometimes its nice to sneak away for a quick weekend breakfast you know a little budget and time friendly mommy and me date.
Lets start here only reason I came into McDonalds waste time till girlfriend flight arrives and ?for my duaghters. I dont eat fast food ordered two happy meals slow service... While ordering my food ?a guy ask the cashier two use his cell in the middle of my order that was strike one then give me little boy toys knowing I have twin girls stabding right in front of him. Im glad I will never have to return here I live way in sandy springs.... I can see the difference between service and the staff The building it self is brand new change your staff this is Blackmac not McDonalds im black myself but telling the truth
Other businesses throughout Metro Atlanta opened their doors to stranded motorists during the Jan.  snow storm. This McDonalds on Camp Creek Parkway told ?a group of senior citizens who were on the way home from an outing that they had to leave their restaurant. ?All they cared about was the dollar. ?After they got that they were done with them. ?Too bad they couldnt have made it down the street to Wendys or Chic Fil A and other restaurants.
The drive thru makes them lost a star since my last review.This is one of those two lane drive thrus and I know that the function of that is so that the orders are not messed up when you get to the window but almost everytime the cashier ends up asking me what did I order. ?I inquired about that before and was told that when someone drives off that messes up the order.Well I guess theres no controlling drive off and at least I know my order has been confirmed so it should be right by the time I get to the second window.This McDonalds also has a late night drive thru Thur - Sat it use to be a  hour on those days but I dont think it is any longer. One of my biggest pet peeves is that the drive thru staff has no smile in their voice. When you are ordering food from the luxury of your vehicle you want to think that the person in charge of taking your order is in good spirits but not at this location.
Believe it or not this used to be q really good McDonalds. The drive throuh is so slow it is frustrating but the service is always friendly. Food is normally luke warm. My niece likes the toys from McDonalds I wonder if I pull up to the window and say let me just get the toy woulf service be faster?
As the previous yelpers have already stated this place is pretty slow. The food is usually cold.. and the service....yeah. you guessed it. Poor.
 minutes in drive through line. Gunshots from the apartments behind. ?Worst McDonalds ever!
Super slow service foods terrible like its been sitting and then reheated. ?Everything is out napkins iced tea
SLOW-SLOW-SLOW! ?Dont go here if you have a flight to catch...or a life to live!!!!! ?If youre hungry wait until you get to the airport. ?This particular McDonalds is just not worth your time.
On your way to the airport or just cruising down Camp Creek Pkwy? ?Are you absolutely in Love with McDonalds Sweet Tea? Well then dont ever go through this drive thru. ?Hands down this is the slowest McDonalds drive thru Ive experienced in Atlanta. ?Considering this location is close to the airport it would be great if they could simply improve the quality of service. ?As a lover of Sweet Tea I was completely turned off by this location when I overheard the drive thru operator joking about how sweet it was a few years ago. ?She told a few of her associates that it was like syrup and liquid diabetes. By the time I took my first and only sip I was on I- headed to Perimeter Mall and it tasted like cold syrup! ?Thank goodness for the McDonalds near Perimeter Mall because they refilled my drink. So the moral to the story is if youre on Camp Creek Pkwy near the airport bypass McDonalds and head for Chick-fil-A. #EatMoreChicken
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever seen. ?The service was terrible and the employees were either lazy or incompetent. I will never return to this establishment.
I had the McCafe Mocha and must say that it was better than drinking sand and salt water thats about it.Too sweet and I couldnt even taste the coffee over the other weird flavors going on in this drink.Stick with the Starbucks mocha folks. ?Trust me on this one.
GHETTO!! went in yesterday just to get a soda and could not even park in handicap parking spot because their delivery truck was blocking all spaces. ?Finally made it inside and it was about  customers to one cashier. The shift manager made the comment that the car that was waiting needed to be pulled up because they are holding up her line. ?Now how is that when they are waiting on their order...hell I was thinking you are holding up the customer and the others waiting.! Anyway finally placed order and was told $. which I paid exact price. Here is where its sad...the cashier did not ring up the soda so therefore I did not get a receipt. I know that she planned to pocket the money which is sad and bad because eventually that cost will get passed off to customers through price increases. I will not return here because I dont like to feel like I am in someones hood and I HATE A THIEF!!! maybe I will call to tell them but then again they probably dont care or maybe even steal themselves. ?plus I do not eat fast food anyway so no need to waste precious minutes
I visited mcdonalds on Dec   at  I bought  cheese burgers  large fries and  orders of pies. ?They charged me for  fries so I went back into store and told the cashier. She denied I said ? I ordered  fries. ?Then manager came over and said whats the problem. I told him and he said looked into the bag grabbed the xtra fries and lterally threw them into the waste bucket by the drive tru from the cashier . ?Then reached into cash register and gave me change for the fries. ?Then i said thank you and he said ok boss and I left. ?I then called mcdonalds people via the nimber on the website after I ate. I told then I was going to wait to yelp after I heard from McDonalds. ?Still no call or email. ?As a side note ...Tom N. ?the otther yelper is right they are very rude there and seem bothered to help you and not at all nice to the kids. ?The play room is sticky and the video games in ther always cause an altercation with kids and parents. ?The only reason I gave  stars was because the fries were hot and the sweet potatoe fries were good and warm.
I usually hit the drive thru once or twice a week for breakfast. A lot of times the forget to include the hash brown if I order a meal. If I order hot cakes they usually forget either butter or utinsils prompting me to have to go inside. The food is also very inconsistent.
What a joke.Dont do take out as you will not get anything that you ordered. We prefers and paid for items only to get home with % of the order accurate. Ive been there numerous times and sadly the same thing happens. Its my fault because I should learn.Does anyone know the owner?I cant believe that he would like this comment. Woodstock Macdonalds is not the place that Ray Crock invented. Save yourself the frustration and waste if money dont go there!Ive learned now.
I wish I can give zero stars. Freezing cold reheated soggy fries and twice fried chewy nuggets = straight to my trash can.
I agree with most reviewers on this one. Staff is always rude and annoyed that youre there!! I travel weekly to Atlanta Hartsfield Airport and this McDonalds never has fresh hot coffee at  AM. Always have to wait while they brew coffee WTH!!
I dont think this location deserves even one star. ?This is the filthiest McDonalds I have ever visited. ?I have been to hundreds of different McDonalds in numerous states as well as  foreign countries. I went to this location on  for breakfast. ?The first thing I noticed was that the floor was sticky. A previous reviewer made a similar comment about the play area. When I noticed this I said to myself this isnt right. ?Then when I looked for a place to sit I spotted all the debris in the seat crevices and the floor. There were also flies in the dining area which I had to repeatedly brush off my food. ?As for the food it seemed OK except this was the first time ever that I was given cold syrup for my hotcakes at a McDonalds..
This is one rude Mcdonalds! The food takes longer to prepare than any other Macdonalds I have ever been to. The people working there always seem annoyed like you are bothering them just by being there. I avoid this mc ds whenever I can.
the managers at this mcdonalds are awesome but some of the workers are lazy. ?overall an average mcdonalds. ?after visiting it and some other once i realized that this one is really average. ?the only thing good about this one is that the management is awesome and its across the street from my house so i can sit around and study till midnight and no one bothers me.
It had been a while since I had stopped at this particular one. ?They have done a total remodel and it looks fairly fresh. ?Stopped by about ?-pm and went through drive thru. ?I thought Id try a new McWrap. ?Got a fry and a spicy chick along with that. ? I was asked to pull up after sitting at the window for a few minutes and they would bring me ?my order. ?That is fine except about  minutes later Im still waiting. ?So I go to check what is going on and end up waiting another  minutes. ? It appeared I wasnt the only one that had a long wait in drive thru as well. ? McWrap - I was disappointed. ?Looked like a wrap that had grilled chicken sprinkle with some mixed greens then had sweet and sour sauce dumped in it.
Disorganized. ?Didnt even get to order. Employees were hanging out with friends out front.
This has got to be one of the busiest McDonalds in the metro area ... if not the southeast ... and they are fairly efficient despite being so busy all the time.You can come by just about any time of the day and find the line of cars for the drive-thru wrapped around the building...Its generally more efficient to go into the building and place your order than wait in the line of cars spewing smog... and since the building is open  hours now that should make it easy to get your McFix...good job Clairmont McDonalds!
THIS MCDONALDS IS HORRIBLE! They are also down the street from my house. You might just want to go to the next McDonalds down the street less than half a mile maybe. Its brand new and just opened. The reviews here speak for themselves. NO CUSTOMER SERVICE WHATSOEVER. they always rush you at drive-thru and never get the meal correct because they are all ignorant fucks who cant speak proper English or dont even know English. They dont even give you time to respond on an order completion. Ive dined inside and it was fine however it was dirty around me on most occasions. But % of the time I eat there MY MEAL IS ALWAYS INCORRECT! Always! Its ridiculous! I found out its an ongoing problem especially at this store. The fries are always pre sorted and they are a hot or miss. They are really good or really bad which is really annoying. The sandwich is the same sometimes they put fresh dripping meat on the bun and it makes it soggy which is disgusting. Most of the times the sandwich is just plain incorrect. Ive had to call corporate about the poor customer service Ive had with employees and several managers at this location as well as the constant issue of my order being messed up which is very inconvenient in drive-thru. Im telling you go to the next McDonalds. The employees here hate their job and are idiots.
Nuts and bolts Stopped by on my way into work to grab breakfast after getting some Sams Club gas.Pros Convenient location for me right off I-. Fast service.Cons The sausage biscuit I had was sub-par. ?The biscuit was overcooked and hard. ?The sausage was not cooked enough. ?Only gave me one jelly packet. ?Most places give me at least two. ?Forgot to give me a straw for my sweet tea. ?Sweet tea was not sweet enough. ?Gave me no napkins. ?Neutral ?When I was in line paying a woman pulled up next to me to complain to the cashier that something was wrong with her order. ?So she jumped in front of me to get her order fixed. ?Neutral about this since I dont have details.Take home I will try them one more time. ?If they fail again I will just pass.
The ice cream machine is always down after  p.m. If you want a hot fudge sundae dont even bother.
Regular McDonalds. Close to the highway which can be good and bad.
Stopped here on the way downtown this morning to get a yogurt parfait. ?These snakes gave me dairy products that had an expired use by sticker and I didnt even notice until I was halfway to downtown. Gross guys. ?Theres no point in putting freshness dates on your food if the employees cant or wont read.
I highly recommend this McDonalds!******if and only if you are trapped at Northside Hospital are ravenously hungry and have absolutely no other option. ?Eating at this McDonalds is slightly better than eating out of a vending machine or dumpster.
TOXIC DUMP! In food quality and employee humanitywork effortTypically I do NOT eat McDonalds food yet similar to the experience of others trapped at Northside Hospital there is no other option if you are hungry outside of the hospital cafeteria hours of operation. Due to a relatives stay and my visitsovernights for  weeks~ I too found myself trapped and therefore forced to buy at McDonalds. Mostly my visits were for coffee or ice cream sundaes. However last night for the first time I ordered food grilled chicken salad I returned it ~ the meat smelled BADLY. This did not surprise me and only enforced my resolve to avoid chain food restaurants.What did surprise me and absolutely SHOCKED me was the customer service offered by employees ~ HOW in the world can you BE an employee here and NOT for ONE MINUTE or even a second acknowledge the obvious FACT that you work inside a HOSPITAL then consider what that means for each and every person that approaches your counter to order. HOW you do not SEE them in FACT that you easily DISMISS them is beyond my comprehension to understand! HOW you lost your sense of humanity in all honestly should cause you to pause and contemplate this ~ Are you not aware that you are reflecting how YOU measure within YOU your own sense of dignity?Within my and familyfriends of patient at Northside Hospital for the past  weeks each and every time Ithey had to place an order I they waswere subjected to McDonalds toxic business model in food which now has transferred we learned into their employees. NOT once was I thanked for giving my order NOT ONCE was I thanked when delivered my order. Yet at EVERY visit I WAITED and witnessed employee behaviors that were readily displayed and relayed in body language effort toward actual work and obvious attitude not only toward me but guests in front of me. God forbid I happened to have question in reference to the menu employee response blank stare shrug looking behind them at menu only to turn back around with a blank stare andor shrug again. ?God forbid on separate occasions I happened to ask for a spoonnapkinstraw. Last night I happened to ask for my drink please after receiving my salad and waiting for longer than normal YIKES you think I had asked him to draw blood!***One more detail regardless if I arrive at am am or between  pm ~  pm this McDonalds is ALWAYS consistently FILTHY! Not just dirty but FILTHY!Can anyone lift a broom to sweep up the garbage in the servicecooking area also in the dining room?Can anyone clean the crud surrounding the plastic display case for cookies ALREADY? Its been  weeks and that crud is STILL smeared dried just gross.Washdisinfect the countertops payment pads straw holders everywhere spills occur including areas customers touch. EVERY HOUR! Get it? Every single hour! GET a cleaning ONLY employee! This employee will do NOTHING but be THE OCD employee you NEED! Just stop this ATROCIOUSLY DIRTY & DISGUSTING feeding trough you call a restaurant. You should be
Northside Hospital ~ ?YOU are responsible for allowing this restaurant to wallow within your walls! How many more years will you ignore not only the unhealthy food options McDonalds supplies~ but to continue to ALLOW a daily dose of DELIBERATE and DILIGENT unhealthy negative and put upon attitudes from employees to be delivered to family friends and employees that are there only because they CARE and are there for YOUR patients! HOW this does NOT cause you to react and ACT is beyond me.In my world with SO MANY options available this place would be GONE ~ like TODAY certainly NOT any longer than tomorrow!This toxic waste site is dumping daily doses of negativity inhumanity~ its seeping and reverberating within the walls of this hospital. I know you FEEL IT!
I know i shouldnt need to ask but experience has proven its a good I idea tonight I forgot ?to ask them to make sure the coffee wasnt old and after i drove any i checked and it was not only old it was cold!
I dont often eat at McDonalds or ever in fact. I dont have much expectation for healthy foods but the one thing I do expect is decent service and fast food. This branch for neither. Food was really slow to come out and I had to ask thrice for the coffee that i ordered. Shocking service delivery
Little bit more expensive than other Mickey Dees. Beggars cant be choosy. Slow service and its packed. its open . and the workers are pretty nice. didnt have many other choices and this filled the need.
This is the McDonalds inside the Northside Hospital.For being the only option to get something to eat evidently they dont have a proper cafeteria like most hospitals do it had to do...Complete disorganization are the only two decent words I can come up for this place. ?There was a huge rush of people oddly enough that evening and the staff had no clue what to do. ?Orders were wrong missing items and the wait time was unbearable.
The worst McDonalds ever. Complete chaos. The prices are higher than the average and they dont have all of the regular items like lattes or fraps. The staff seems to be uninterested in taking or completing your order. It is as if they are aware that you are pretty much at their mercy.
A captive audience of transient visitors and exhausted staff are the only way this McDonalds which is basically the only food option at Northside Hospital could possibly stay in business.
AND STILL FRENCH FRY CHAMP.........The burger taste not sop much.... But this location fast and friendly.
BEWARE! I saw the manager filling orders for drive-thru customers using bare hands - no gloves or utensils to pack fries - and this is the weirdest thing ever she was fingering plastic cup lids!?! Dont know what else to call it! She poked her finger through the plastic cup lids in the slit made for straws before inserting straws! What the hell for? Imagine a finger no gloves super long nails painted and this being inserted into every cup lid before inserting the straw! Why did she need to expose customers to her nails and the shit and germs nails looked filthy! underneath? She was using her nails as a tool! The straw can be used to go through the straw slit! No need for a finger nail! FILTHY! I saw this going on inside while the poor folks in drive-thru didnt see this! And the cashier had a bad cold and was wiping his runny nose all over with the back of his hand! What can you expect if the manager herself is filthy and polluting the food! Who knows where her handa been?
Worst Mc Donalds in all of Atlanta... - min stop every time even if they have no customers. Straight ridiculous. I live across the street and REFUSE to stop there. Nope I will NEVER give anyone my money who to a location doesnt value and appreciate it. Same manager every time... common trend? called regional pretended to care. Either way... only thing they will give you is COLD food after a  min wait a major headache and crappy service! SKIP THIS STOP!
Its good. hr
What the freak-nik is this?There are  cars in the drive thru at am. ?Is everybody going to Mickey Dees today?You can guess that volumes of business like this means that someones going to get their order wrong...and today it was me.They put cheese on my steak BISCUIT but I requested a steak and egg BAGEL. I had to request a straw for my large soda. ?Guess I should have checked my sandwich while I looked for the missing straw.I expect much better from a Mickey Dees
Ive enjoyed a couple eggwhite delights here but not much else. I usually really like McDonalds salads as a quick relatively healthy option on a tight budget but the salads Ive had at this particular restaurant has been just kind of gross.
Sometimes you just need a Mickey Ds fix. Usually for me anyway that sometime is very late at night - er early in the morning depending on how you want to slice it.-hour drive thru - check. Fries still made fresh at all hours - check check. A double cheeseburger for a steal $ and a Coke to go with. CHECK! Yep all your drive-thru goodybad-ness waiting for you.Yum.
My order was fresh and prepared correctly. They were friendly and moved the drive-thru line quickly during the lunch rush. Very good!
The worst McDonalds franchise Ive visited. ?I fired off complaints to McDonalds Corp. ?thinking they might want something for their file to rid themselves of this lazy franchisee & all I got was a lame apology months later w a coupon for more food! ?It was well after the dinner rush every table was dirty floors so sticky I almost walked outta my shoes surly staff just plain dirty.
Ive gone to this McDonalds several times and theyve gotten my order completely wrong. I go there before work around  so Im very hungry and I order a bacon egg and cheese biscuit... Once I get to work I find what is in my bag is actually an egg mcmuffin...I absolutely hate those..so of course its too late for me to drive back and get my correct order. I dont expect this to happen and its a elveru bisy mcdonalds so i dont stop at the srive thru to check my bag.Id just like to sayif this happened once In a blue moonthats fine. Mistakes happen..but not this many times. Over it. I also notice that while Im giving my order at the drive thruthe person taking it is either never paying attention or rude. I wish this would change.. This McDonalds seems to be constantly packed with people in the morning because its on a very high traffic road so they need to reevaluate their customer service.
This is the most disgusting McDonalds on the planet. ?Doubt me? ?Go into this nauseating cesspool and find out for yourself. ?I was shocked because it was in a very nice area and has a playground. ?It is by far the nastiest McDonalds I have ever been into.
I gotta wake my ass up at six AM every day of this week and drag myself up to Vascalinas. Yeah Im doing the drywall up there at the new McDonalds. -- Office Space So what a difference a complete overhaul makes. ?This location was recently LEVELED and rebuilt - and they did a complete  - and when I say that the building was even rotated by  degrees.So this is in an area where most of the streets around it are one way so it can be confusing to get in and out of - and the previous drive-thru began and ended in different places. ?Now they redesigned the place so that it makes more sense and the flow works even better than before - and the previous location was there for  years? ?Wow.The new one is sleek clean modern and beautiful. ?The drive-thru staff was super friendly I was buying a Sprite for heavens sake and both the young lady who took my money and the one who handed me my drink said we hope to see you back here again soon. ?Thats great service personable and I would be happy to return not that I do McDs very often. ?But Im more apt to come to this one than any other.
This is by far the worse McDonalds Ive ever been too. My bf wanted their chicken nuggets because it was $. for  pieces. We got there and placed an order for  pieces. It took us  minutes to get it and he was charged twice the amount. We were told by the cashier that the manager would fix this problem and he never did until we had to ask ourselves. Overall it took a long time to get our food we received the wrong sauces and it was an overall poor experience. I will not return to this location.
Food is what you would expect from McDonalds but the management and staff could use some coaching in customer service. ?I come to this restaurant frequently in the mornings & the manager always seems to have a surly attitude. ?He acts as though he is doing you a big favor to wait on you and even take your money
Went to order a meal via drive through and there was a live roach not waterbug on the window crawling in mid day. I showed it to the gentleman that was collecting my payment and he never noticed the roach there. I canceled my order immediately and drove away.
Before a morning round of golf I needed a quick breakfast. ?It had to be quick because I needed to make my tee time. ?It had to be big because I needed energy for the course. ?I stopped into this Mickey Ds and right behind the register I saw Big Breakfast with Hotcakes. ?Sounded good to me.Just seconds after swiping my credit card I was handed a tray with three hotcakes McDonalds pancakes scrambled eggs a sausage patty a biscuit and a McDonalds hash brown. ?Oh yeah and two containers each of syrup and butter. ?All this for less than five bucks. ?Now thats what I call fast food. ?Its fast and its cheap. ?This is why America has an obesity problem.Nearing the end of my meal I started to realize that it was a lot of food. ?I can eat a lot and I could have probably done OK without the extra hash brown or biscuit I was also rushing. ?For three pancakes I only needed one container of syrup. ?I like their butter. ?Its very wispy. ?Everything was good and tasted consistent with what youd expect of McDonalds. ?Out of curiosity I went to McDonalds web site to see how many calories was in this meal .
My Wife and I have been to this McDonalds about  times since the rebuild. There is a whole new staff of people working there. In the  visits we have yet to get a complete order. I went inside the restaurant this evening in hopes of eliminating the issue we had been having. I ordered  quarter pounders  apple pies and  hamburger. I was given my order to go missing the  apple pies and hamburger. Beware if you go to this McDonalds and check your order.
Typical McDonalds restaurant located at Powers Ferry and New Northside on the north end of the perimeter. I have always avoided this location due to the fact that Im not really a fan of McDonalds in general but the other morning on my way to work I was craving some breakfast and only had time to pull into a drive-thru and grab a quick bite to go. Since McDonalds is the only place with a drive-thru on my way to work I stopped by here to grab their special  bacon egg & cheese biscuits for $.. The food was ok just tasted like you would expect McDonalds food to taste. The service was pretty good at the drive-thru they were friendly enough. But what really gets me is how lazy has America become that the drive-thru welcome and what would you like to order has to be automated at McDonalds.
Itll make ya fat
On my way to Curry Honda for my scheduled maintenance appointment I went to the drive-thru of this McDonalds since it was so conveniently located almost adjacent to the Honda dealership. ?It was around  pm on a Saturday afternoon and there were probably only two cars in front of me so I thought Id be in and out of there quickly. ?What I thought would be a quick drive-thru took over ten minutes. ?Im not sure what the hold up was but perhaps one or both of the cars in front of me got a large order. ?All I ordered was a Spicy McChicken Sandwich small fries and a cup of ice water.Again Curry Honda is located super close to the McDonalds so the food should have still been hot or at least warm when I got there. ?However when I sat down to eat my food in the waiting room I noticed the sandwich and fries were barely warm and the ice in my water was almost completely melted. ?I guess the food had been cooked and sitting out for a while and they must keep cups of ice water ready to hand out to customers. ?Boo. ?It was my first time trying the Spicy McChicken Sandwich and I thought it was decent. ?It has a very slight kick of spice and is at least a little more interesting than the plain ol McChicken Sandwich.Overall this McDonalds gets  stars for being OK. ?Yes service could have been quicker and the food should have been served hotter but this is a McDonalds and at least the employees were friendly. ?I may return to this McDonalds if Im on my way to Curry Honda and didnt have time to grab food elsewhere but it wouldnt be my top choice for fast food in the area.Review  of 
Just sat at drive thru several minutes no one is answering. I can see employees walking around and it is  am and they should be open. I wonder if this franchises owner is aware that he is losing business due to this. I bet they do and dont care.
Holy crap dudes this is the fastest McDonalds in Atlanta. ?I placed a special order during rush hour two Egg McMuffins with no Canadian bacon and by the time I reached the pickup window someone was already walking my order to the window.And they even got it just the way I like it -- no eggshells!
I purchased a specialty coffee in the drive through but soon after I pulled out and away I realized I had been given a black coffee for the price of $. Mistakes happen so I kept my receipt and went back exactly a week later within the hour since I was making the same trip. I went inside out of respect to show my face that I wasnt trying to scam them and the manager was working the register. I told him what happened and that Id like the specialty coffee I originally ordered. He pointed that it had been a week since the original purchase and that he needed proof I wasnt lying about my incorrect order. Mind you at am  people were all waiting around for their order which shows slow and poor service. I didnt argue and I walked away leaving my receipt on the counter. I was simply asking for a coffee not even an entire meal. I dont post about these sort of things but this time was different. The manager could have easily offered a variety of resolutions but all he said was no Im sorry. Well Im sorry but Ive never been so dissatisfied with customer service and let alone management of a restaurant! Please stay away from this location for the sake of your pockets and your sanity.
the last  times we been to this McDonalds they screw up the order at the drive thru and walk in the guy with the Afro dont care I think hes a manager
Ive generally had good service here but this morning at the drive-thru was the pits. ?I was initially  cars back from ordering and it seriously took me about  minutes to get my food. ?When I was ordering I had to repeat it four times very slowly and they still got my drink size wrong. ?When I got it my food was great but the visit was very painful overall. ?I hope this visit was a fluke. . .
Hot fries i like.
The customer service was HORRIBLE! ?They seemed angry to work here and they would get upset if you ask for more ketchup or condiments. Also the kids play area was filthy. It had old dirty food on the floor and it was ?full of lint. Stay away from this location.
Customer service is well below par here. I placed my order through the intercom and was told that Id have to pay in separate transactions if I were to use more than  coupon. I expected that and was fine with it up until I got to the window in which one of the girls working the cashier had a problem with me using the coupons and I quote mentioned I dont give a d*** and a f*** what she wants. I never make it a goal to be difficult to other people and I find it very rude let alone unnecessary that I received this treatment. It is part of your jobs duties to simply put in a customers order. If you dont like your job you have no business being there and there are plenty of job seekers out there who would be more deserving of your position. To top it off after I left the restaurant I opened my bag to find out that I didnt receive everything I ordered and paid for.
Food is good but whats with all the flies and nats always in the air? ?Ive mentoned this to management before but it seems like nothing has changed. ? Im going to the McDonalds on Hudson Bridge from now on.
Fruit flies anyone? There is a huge fruit fly infestation here. I have been here twice in  months and the problem still exists.
Best McDonalds ice cream is here!
This is a busy Mcdonalds at all times even late at night. The drive thru seems to be where they are doing most of their business when I visit the area. I have never had a problem out of service here as I am one those who use the drive thru too. My order is always right. Its within walking distance of several hotels. ? ?I do not know anything about the dining area since I always use the drive thru. Customer service has been great as they always take care of me.When I go to McDonalds I get either the Big Mac meal or the quarter pounder meal. Big Macs are popular because of the secret tangy orange sauce they put on them. Their quarter pounders are just like eating a moist cheese burger. Its all hood here.
I would honestly not normally take the time to review a McDonalds location since Im only really a fan of their breakfast but this place has some serious issues. Apparently the difference between sausage and egg and sausage egg and cheese is not obviousimportant to whoever they have bagging orders even though they are two distinctly different items ON THEIR MENU! I have been down the road at least three times now only to find that theyve given me the wrong biscuit - even when the correct one is on my receipt. Not to mention the sweet tea has often tasted like hairspray. I have never experienced such consistently poor service from a single fast food location.
Came here for a quick to go lunch. First my cheeseburgers were not right I had requested no onions and they were covered with them. Then second the fries were so mushy and not fresh. I was sorely disappointed
The first time I went here they smothered my burger with mustard and ketchup to where it was dripping on me and the past two times I have been here the fries are old and dark and they put like one peice of bacon on my burger. They offered me free fries tomorrow. Ha horrible place to eat
the worst mcds Ive ever been to. tried to get a quick snack during our long drive and it was the worst decision. the dual lane drive through is anything but fast. one car in front of me but somehow the other lane was the only one moving. some  odd minutes later we finally ordered. one of the cars in front of me obviously knew somebody in the place and just kept talking at the window. it wouldnt have been a big deal if it hadnt continued for so long. after + minutes of sitting in this line fighting the urge to just drive off and watching the multiple levels of poor service we finally got our snack and the freaking fries were cold. I should have taken  minutes to read the reviews before I went here and it would have stopped me from ever going. you would think after all that time at least the food would be hot. HA. just do yourself a favor and find another mcds to visit. truly a disappointing stop. -
This mcdonalds truly is the worst. They are always EXTREMELY slow and understaffed. Many of the workers her are rude and obviously dont want to be there. My food comes out decent but they are always out of something everytime I go. I probably will never come to this location again.
The evening manager here is very nice and has a great attitude. I went inside of this McDonalds one afternoon when the drive through was backed up and the manager helped me immediately. She was the only person who actually looked like she was happy to help customers which made me very comfortable it looked like she even gave me a little extra fries!
Good job guys love the friendly staff. ?Dt hopping.Not sure what they are experiencing but one of the bet McD in area. ?So much better than before. ?Love the Christian music guys.
worst drove thru ever. ?I was car # sitting in a dual drive thru for  minutes and not  car had moved. I park and go inside. the manager waits on me and I said that the drive thru has not moved. she says  yeah our drive thru system has gone done. I said  it would be nice if someone would walk out there and tell everyone and post a sign. she walks away to fill my order only to leave one of her long BLEACHED hairs in between my  frozen strawberry lemonades.
Im not ashamed to admit that I frequent this McDonalds at least twice a week. ?Need a snack after pumping gas? ?Need coffee before Chocolatte is open or after Chocolatte is closed? ?Need night-after-drinking breakfast? ?Yes please on all counts. ?I havent found this McDonalds to be particularly slow. ?It is a bit sketch by Decatur standards although its North Decatur and not Decatur proper. ?Often at night there are folks who look homeless here though only one one occasion has anything particularly creepydisturbing happened regarding said demographic of patron. ?Otherwise its lots of Emory students and hospital workers and high school students from Druid Hills High. ?I like that the workers seem to have a good camaraderie with each other. ?I also like that folks remember my standard order and can associate my voice with my order when I go through the drive thru.
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever visited. ?We sat at the drive-thru window forever watching the employees goof off. ?The fish sandwich was edible in a square processed fish round bun too much tartar sauce sort of way. ?The french fries were horrible. ?They were not edible. ?They were stale and greasy.Just because someone is holding a broom does not mean that they are sweeping. ?The broom is a prop to make people think they are working while they are socializing with co-workers. ?They will look at you occasionally while they continue to goof off. ?The employees seem to go out of their way to prove that you arent worth their time. ?This McDonalds really sucks.
The staff is really nice but kind of slow at this location. ?I asked what type of sauce they had and the cashier looked at me like she saw a ghost. ?I am not that pale! ?All I wanted well not really were some chicken nuggets to feed to my starving kids. ?If I had passed somewhere else with a drive thru I would have gone there but this was my only option. ?When I pulled up to get my  count I was handed a small bag with a small fry. ?I asked the guy why he was handing it to me and he said Because this is what you ordered. ?Really? ?I showed him my receipt and he said Well whos fries are these then?I finally got the nasty tasting nuggets and some high fructose corn syrup aka dipping sauce and was on my way. ?I think we will stick to the meatless cheeseburgers next time.
Oh my goodness. I should have read the reviews first but this McDonald is on my way so I stopped by. This is by far the dirtiest McDonald Ive seen in a long time. Staff is unfriendly and obviously so bored with their job. Definitely not even place for a quick meal!
The service at this McDonalds is so bad its almost comical. Case in point There was about a two week stretch where I would go to McDonalds every morning before work to get an iced vanilla latte. EVERY day I kid you not they got my order wrong and made me a hot latte instead. This would not be a problem but they questioned me every time if I was sure that was what I ordered. Yes it even showed it on your fancy digital menu. Then they would ask me to pull up and wait  minutes for my order to be corrected. My bf and I went inside once to order and they got his order wrong. The woman just stood there and looked at us when we told her and my bf was like ...but I guess I can eat this. Later when we went up and asked for sauce she gave us the biggest eyeroll upon seeing us and acted like it was physically painful for her to serve us. These are only a couple of examples of the horrible service we have had but I guess thats typical for a McDonalds attached to a gas station.
Im hooked on the McDonalds Oatmeal!When I want to grab some breakfast thats yummy healthy and easy to eat while Im driving I head here. Im always met with friendly service at the drive-through. They move pretty quickly and always get my order correct no matter how busy they are!
Awful! I once waited  minutes for a small Iced vanilla coffee. It was unbelievable myself and several other customers were shocked at how slow they were to make simple food theres nothing fancy about McDonalds so why it took so long is beyond me. They are always slow at this location it doesnt matter if you do drive thru walk in. On another occasion I did the drive thru and got a burger and  apple pies. I ate one pie that had something hard and plastic like in it. Im definitely sure it wasnt apple or pie crust so disgusting. I wont ever come here again McDonalds just keeps getting worse.
Very unhappy. ?I ordered a fish combo on October rd. ?When the drive through person attempted to hand me my meal she stated it was a QT. ?I dont eat beef and didnt order that however I had already paid for my meal with my card. The QT was more than my fish meal so I was told they would refund me the QT and they charged me for the fish meal. ?Have been checking bank account all weekend no refund. Went back to the store and spoke to manager Starla who told me refunds can take up to two days to go through. Its Tuesday Oct th! My payment went through yesterday for two meals purchased Oct rd one of which I didnt eat or take with me. Not happy. Starla tried to make the excuse that yesterday Oct th was a holiday. ?I said what holiday she says Columbus day. I never had respect for that man but do recognize his holiday is on the th for my bank so I informed Starla that yesterday was not a bank holiday. She wouldnt call the GM this evening stating the GM General Manager would be there tomorrow between to. ?Im working then too so its a big inconvenience taking time from my job to get them to do their job. ?Im really not happy with this McDonalds. Need to train their staff to be careful with peoples money. I want my money back and if I dont get it I will go to every place that I use to rate businesses and really make known my disapproval of how they do business.
I have to say this McDonalds sucks. Dont get me wrong I love McDonalds... But this particular location has some of the worst employees in fast food.
Never thought I would write a review about McDonalds however I went through there very early in the a.m. and just like their commercial said they were all smiles. ?It was nice to see some cheerfulness so early...Plus the Sausage Egg McGriddles rock!
This location has the new strawberry creme pies. The healthscore is a  as of .The drive thru cashier was really nice but my fries were far too crispy too be any good.
Awful! ? Why install the equipment to display drive thru orders to guest when its never used. ? Why have an automated person tell you to order when no is ever listening and you always have to repeat orders. ? Whoever built that place wasted a ton of money on technology and did a lousy job training them to use it. ? Drive to one on  its much better. ?Grayson Hwy is the absolute best for breakfast! ? I go the long way to work just to stop there!The new one has issues!
I used to stop at this McDonalds now and then on my way to work for breakfast. My main problem is that the drive thru seems to be slow at this one. And then one day some yahoo working the drivethru charged me like . for a tea that I knew darn well was only supposed to be $. He claimed they stopped the promotion. Well guess what? The next day and the day after I heard the same ole advertisements I have been hearing for years now pitching their any tea or soft drink for $. Yeah I wont be back. Burger king has better $ sausage breakfast burritos anyhow.
I dont go here often because the service is so bad! I have never left with the right order or sat in line less than  mins. They are now running this special where they give you a  min timer & if you dont get your order by the end of the min you get your meal free. But IT DOESNT COUNT IF THEY GIVE YOU WRONG ORDER! yep they gave me  nuggets in a  nugget box & a coke when I ordered a burger & hi-c!! Smh They need  windows - one to pay  one to pick up & the last to return the wrong order & pick up the correct one!!
Dirty - dirty & ?dirty. The Resturant was so dirty that there was no clean table available. ?This is a fairly new location so Im not sure why its not being better maintained . Hope somebody helps the staff at this location get it together.
Brand new and sparkling clean with a very modern feel not sure how long the lime green walls will last they are bright!!! Service was decent and the food was ok its still McDonalds but they seem to be trying to carry more healthy alternatives.
Getting little miss some ice cream since she had a great day at school. She loves the sundae with m&ms. Staff was super sweet and efficient which is surprising for this particular location. Maybe management finally took everyones complaints seriously.
Unbelievably slow at drive thru. Slow to take your order slow in taking your money slow in filling your order. ?Its torture especially when you need to be somewhere and your child is hungry. DONT GO FOR BREAKFAST theres always a line of  cars at the drive thru window. ?Its no faster if you go in and order. Actually it was longer ordering inside instead of drive thru. ?Ughhhhh
This is the slowest mcdonalds I have ever been too. It tools between - minutes to get your food inside and at least  minutes for drive through. Ever since they have opened they have always been slow.
Rita As review is dead on. I stop here on occasion and they cannot get anything right. If I order a shake the shake machine is down. Ask for no ketchup on my sandwich? Make that extra ketchup no mustard. Light ice? Load the cup to the top!Getting my order wrong % of the time aside the service is also frequently unfriendly or distracted and almost always painfully slow.Id rather skip it and go somewhere that can get my order right and do it with a smile.
Well I guess the saying is true....you get what you pay for. They forgot to put cheese on my breakfast sandwich....though its frustrating....this IS mcdonalds...no one should ever expect more out of them. At least my caramel mocha was good.
Ice cream machine is always down staff is rude and ghetto food is always old. Hate this McDonalds. I always try to avoid it and go to a different one.
I had an okay visit. They kept the inside line moving and the food came out quickly and was correct. These days thats saying a lot. The staff could be a bit more friendly and better trained. The girl had trouble finding my drink on the cash register no big deal really. This is a very busy location in the morning but it works.  star seems accurate for this McDonalds.
Saw roaches while eating. Told management and they reacted like its nothing new. Never again will I go to that McDonald s even though its close by me.
Its McDonalds...what more can I say? They havent pissed me off nor done anything to wow me yet so  stars will suffice.
Very rude staff. ?The food is typical McDonalds food bad. ?Head for the Chick-fl-A across the street.
This McDonalds is located right next to the building which houses Studio Movie Grill. ?Its super convenient to stop by and grab a quick bite before watching a movie if you dont want to spend a lot of money for food at the theater. ?But thats pretty much where the pros of this location stop.Ive been to this McDonalds several times but Ive been a bit disappointed on several occasions. ?Most recently I went through the drive-thru and got a simple order - a McChicken sandwich and small fries. ?I drove to the Studio Movie Grill parking lot to eat before a movie and noticed that my fries were cold. ?UGHHHHH... ?Cold McDonalds fries are the worst. ?Lame!!!The employees seem to be pretty friendly and the restaurant looks decent inside. Unfortunately they lack power outlets I saw one but maybe theres a one or two more scattered throughout the restaurant. ?This makes it inconvenient for people who like to stop by McDonalds to use their laptops which I do quite often.Overall this McDonalds deserves about . stars because its right in between meh and A-OK. ?I know some may say its just a McDonalds but hey - Ive been to numerous other locations where their food is pretty consistent dont serve COLD fries! and there are numerous power outlets for customers use. ?Ill probably be back just because its right next to Studio Movie Grill but Im hoping theyll start improving the quality of their fast food - at least to the McDonalds standard.Review  of 
Ive only been to this McDonalds twice and both times were bad experiences. Not only does the place smell of dirty rags and cleaner solutions but the service is bad as well. I guess the convenient location is what keeps this place open but for me Ill never come back.
this is CLEARLY a franchise location and they.do.not.care. This place is a cash cow. The staff is totally random have had some decent service and times I would be better going to the overpriced gas station next door.Clearly the newbigger menu has the staff utterly overwhelmed. oh when a place has NOW HIRING ALL SHIFTS signs up for ever...be warned.... there is one elderly latina lady at the drive thru whose here you go hun and smile could melt and iceberg- what a joy! but...once had horrible service- complained and got an out of date coupon for one small sandwich fries and drink. really?
This is a BUSY location!! We stopped for lunch on a Saturday and waited forever to place our order. The play area is outside and not for toddlers. I wish they had other activities for little guys as my son was to small to go inside the area.
My poor wife stepdaughter and her THREE Johns Creek junior lacrosse Gladiator teammates who spent the night Saturday and were CRAVING Mickey Ds this morning. Second week in a row mas been screwed by this franchise store . Its just so close to us and the kids really wanted it. Yeah yeah - fool me once. And I even said now honey be SURE to check the bag for everything before you drive away since these same folks screwed us on Easter morning en route to church.But thats tough to do - nearly impossible - with a car full of tweens and on busy Holcomb Bridge Road en route to Barnwell with three big bags stuffed with $ worth of McDs decadence. ?Imagine three bags stuffed full of food - all in individual wrappers and some almost too hot to handle. But why should we even have to check behind these folks fully expecting our orders have been satisfied. ?You get what you pay for right? NOT at this franchise store. At least on this blustery but sunny Sunday morning ma got a receipt. Three sandwiches missing this time totaling $ last weeks tally was about the same. Whats worse is you have no recourse because the franchises contact number on the receipt goes straight to fax. No really. See for yourselves --. Diabolical strategy to be sure. Were not even fast food fans by any stretch. Especially after watching Morgan Spurlocks Super Size Me a few years back. BLECH! en.wikipedia.orgwikiSu??_And truth be told if the adjacent Chick-fil-a was open on Sunday that would be our first choice. But its not. And now were left with no choice for Sunday morning brekky on the go because were NEVER EV-URH ?going back to this McDonalds. Hey but dont you know people talk. Especially here in Johns Creek. All of our adjacent neighborhoods and sports teams have monthly news letters and social media sites. Highly active I might add....So you can bet the balance of our missing orders that whats happened to us will not happen to our friends and neighbors - unless they let it.
I admit Im not a big fan of McDonalds. However sometimes nothing hits the spot like their fries and a Diet Coke. What pushes this location over the edge of some others is the staff. Theyre always super nice whether its am or pm. They dont make you repeat your order  times and they get it right. Theyre also generous with the condiments when you ask for them and even when you dont!. Unlike some fast food places that stop serving milkshakes after a certain hour because theyve already cleaned the machine theyll make you a milkshake up until they close. Service is a huge thing for me so the fact that theyre always smiling and ready to help me get my fat fix is what makes me partial to this particular location. It can be a bit of a pain to get into and out of as its right on Holcomb Bridge Rd but thats a minor annoyance.
Only the fact that its a McDonalds is what earns it a . star. ?The staff at this location can vary from customer service focused to blatant disregard about anything other than accepting your food order and taking your payment. My last visit was a combination of the two when I placed my order an the drive thru intercom the order was taken correctly total given thanked and asked to drive around to the window. By the time I got around to the window the person that was to take my money and give me my food was way more interested in an argument that was going on outside in the parking lot between two young ladies and the two young men they were with.Ill admit that I too paid attention to the fight in the parking lot to make sure it didnt escalate into gunfire with my car sitting center mass of it all. About six months ago someone told me they got robbed while sitting in the drive thru at this location but they were there around am and my visit was taking place at pm so I wasnt worried about getting robbed as much as I was about getting shot.After making sure that the parking lot was not about to be shot up he accepted my cash asked me if I wanted to wait a minuite and get some hot fries. ?I did and I did.Sure Ill go back. ?I love McDonalds fries.  of 
Of course this is a fast food restaurant so of course theres not much of a spectacular review that I can write but I will express my concerns. I work late nights and when I do get off work if there nothing ready in the house I will stop and my only option is McDonalds or Checkers. Needless to say this is nothing short of ghetto. I could hear the employees in the background laughing and playing over the intercom as Im ordering the food. After I ordered she didnt even bother to tell me my total or go over my order with me. ?When I made it to the window she was having a conversation with her co worker despite me having my hand out the window to give her the money. When I drove up to the second window....someone had been smoking a cigarette and threw it right outside the drive-through window. Now I dont know if it was maybe a previous customer or and employee but nobody was in front of me when I pulled up but hard to say. I could hear the music they were playing over my radio in the car and to top it off. Somebody was calling another chick a B*tch and just being loud. I mean hey didnt expect nothing spectacular but if these are the people thats making my Big Mac Ill pass. The day shift is the complete opposite so dont be discouraged too much by this. My food tasted McDonalds worthy but they need to change up that scenery a bit.
This McDonalds has the slowest drive-thru service Ive ever experienced. Once or twice weve even gotten out of line and left because it was so bad. I really dont know what their problem is. Its bad every single time Ive been there despite the hour despite the number of cars in line...There are two reasons why I continue to return to this McDs. The first is its convenient location. The second my food is always hot and prepared correctly. Despite the ridiculously slow line Ive never received cold fries or a wrong order. Im not sure what theyre doing back there to make things run so agonizingly slowly but my food always comes out fine.
No stars is more appropriate. Every time I come here they screw something up. Today I ordered a filet light sauce and an unsweet tea. I get to work and what do I find? A filet on a TOASTED bun and some god awful flavored unsweet tea. I tried calling them today and after other experiences and they NEVER pick up their phone. I usually go through the drive-thru because its convenient. I went into the store and found this place to be a PIG STY.
Hot Tip!If you have to go to this location in the mornings lunch hour or evenings it is invariable that the Jimmy Carter Blvd and Peachtree Industrial intersection just west of this McDonalds backs up past the entrance to McDonalds...SORather than taking your life in your hands by trying to turn left through three lanes of traffic simply drive  feet pass this McDonalds and turn left at the traffic light. Then travel back through the parking lot to your get your Mc-Grub without inconveniencing all the people in cars trying to get to work or home.This advice makes much more sense than the numbskulls trying to cut through solid traffic just to get some fast food. And for you people who chose to live in hidden cove next to and east of McDonalds... you have no luck in being able to pull out easily. The traffic is always solid in front of that entranceexit and you really should have chosen another place to live with easy egress. I know a clue is a lot to ask for these days.
Stopped off at this location around  am on a weekday and had to be to work by am. ?Getting to this place can be a hassle because of where my work is located. ?However I stopped because they had that  Sausage Egg McMuffins for $. ?I wanted to get some for my team. ?Got to the drive-thru and told the lady what I wanted which was the ? Sausage Egg McMuffin special. ?She said were out of sausage! ?Naturally I questioned her again but it was true this McDonalds was out of sausages. ?I simply drove off.It was a hassle to get there and on top of that they ran out of a product they were advertising. ?Lets just say I wont be taking the extra effort to visit that location.
in consistent Quality! Late Nights the food is bad but during busy hours its good!
Im not ashamed to admit that Im a fan of fast food. But this mcdonalds is always slow. And the freshness of the food is hit or miss. I also feel like its one of the few mcds that hasnt been remodeled to the newer design.
Went here  times over the course of a couple weeks. The first  times they got my order wrong and on the rd my wife found a Bic pen blended up in her smoothie. Im not even sure how that can accidentally happen. We emailed the owner to complain and when he called us back he had quite an attitude and was unapologetic about the incident. All he did was defend their food inspection rating.
Ok Im waiting for like  minutes to place my order with the staff walking back & forth just looking at me like Im crazy. And another  minutes or so before i got my food This location use to be my stop in the mornings when I worked near here but they have fallen way off.
It is what it is... so Im mclovin it.
I live slightly closer to this McDonalds than the One next to Perimeter Mall. ?Even though the McDonalds next to Perimeter Mall is farther away and always has traffic around it I pick it over this location. ?Its old and dirty and has a monopoly for fast food in this area. ?If it wasnt a McDonalds it would fail. ?Its actually a testament to how strong the McDonalds name is. ?This location is awful!
They have signs posted telling you that you are only allowed  minutes to consume your food and then you must vacate... that seems a bit pushy.
If I could give this place zero stars I would !!! They do not train staff in guest service and the management is horrible . When I am not near a Starbucks I like to come here sometimes for their iced coffee they have never got my order right and never been compelled to fix my order or give me a refund . One day me and hubby were in a rush in the morning and grabbed  breakfast  when we got Into the car we look inside of our bag and we have all lunch items. We go back inside to correct our order and we are informed that breakfast is over and there is nothing they can do. They proceeded to take our name down and told us we could grab free breakfast the next day. Next morning comes around and we go to get our breakfast. We are told that our names are not in the book and again theres nothing they can do !? I mean its mcdonalds but please have some pride in what you do!?
Always come here with no expectations in my food and somehow it exceeds to be lowered when I receive my food.Tip! Always ask for ketchup and ketchup cause theyll never throw any in the bag.But its McDonalds and all are the same.
I just ordered food from there an hour ago. My fries were all stale and cold. They must have been old. They forgot to give me my drink. Ive been trying to call them and their phones are busy. Worst McDonalds I have ever been too. I tried to be nice yesterday and compliment them since it was Christmas but I feel like it was a mistake.
They cant get the orders right. ?I always have to double check my bag before leaving the drive thru. Theyre open late but they have no lights on at night. Poor service. Id rather go to Sonics down the street. ?This Mc Donalds needs improvement. ?Bad
Worst McDonalds ever bad costumer service cold burgers cold fries the manager lady is the biggest B**** I have meet ?the people that work there are slow and dumb I think I rather drive out of my way than come here.
Went there just to get coffee in the morning and the one thing I need in the morning COFFEE was apparently out of order.
I stopped at this McDonalds because I had about two minutes to grab lunch. The ONLY reason I ever eat at a Mickey Ds is because its a fast b cheap and c predictable. You know the food wont be awesome but it will be reasonably eatable. Man was I disappointed on points b and c.First the medium Quarter Pounder meal was more than six bucks. Jeez thats hardly a deal.What made the sticker shock worse was the poor quality of the food. This had to be the worst Quarter Pounder Ive ever half eaten. Maybe even the worst fast food burger Ive ever had. It looked like it had been sitting out on Uncle Zekes radiator all morning. The burger patties were gray and curled up at the edges. The bun was dry and crusty. Its like the damn thing was somehow mummified. Just nasty. Too bad I didnt have time to take it back.This will probably be the very last time I ever eat at a McDonalds. It was that bad.
The worst service ever. And Im not a rude person at all. I said please and thank you. And I absolutely was not greeted whatsoever. Whoever that dumbass lady was that was working needs to take that stick out of her. Dont be mad at me cause you hate YOUR job bitch. Lets not forget that everyone is REPLACEABLE including your miserable self. It took every bit of me not to cuss her out. Id write a letter to corporate but she did not give me a receipt. Go figure right. Im not one to talk down on people that works fast food because its not in my character to knock someones hustle. But she really needs to get it together. And for that I will NOT ever return to this McDonalds ever again. Some bullshit. Oh. And. Not only did I not get a receipt... I didnt get a straw. And instead of  piece chicken nuggets I got . What in the fucking fuck..... Fuck that McDonalds.
Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back t us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my tix said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it??? If I get the craving for Mcdonalds I will drive out of my way.. I hope this one goes out of business.... ?This location is good for nothing
Worst McDonalds EVER!!!!!!!!!! They are unable to get an order correct Went through the drive through last night got home and no Fries in my bag. Got to the window and the woman running the window was talking about her personal life with a co worker laughing it up with her back to us making us wait instead of giving us our ice coffee. Then she seemed to remember she was working and brought us our coffee. Last time I went there I ordered something with no mayo which my ticket said... got home and covered in mayo. called up to complain and the response...What do u want me to do about it??? ?I hope this one goes out of business.... ?This location is good for nothing my husband and I if we ever go to another mcdonalds it will be out of state!
Management is very rude here I bring my son every now and then to play ?and have witnessed on several occasions the manager who is a female was extremley rude. I was shocked at her behavior. I still go there because its close to my house.
Worst one Ive eve been too! I was number  and I waited for ever and ever and the manager was giving out the food and saw me standing there forever and she didnt ask me what my order was or anything. It got up to  when the cashier had to ask me what my order was. So slow and disorganized and barely any space to eat and sit down.
I stopped by for a quick lunch and it took twenty minutes to get my order and was only spoken to in Spanish
My mom and I went here for sodas around the night I moved back they tasted normal. My husband and I got sodas this morning and I cant even describe how awful they tasted! We promptly threw them out and went somewhere else. On top of that the panhandlers and drug addicts asking for money both times is ridiculous. Plus we could barely understand the lady talking through the order box in the drive through.Dont go here!
We are retired and have gone to this McDonalds since they built it two blocks from our house. ?This last year it has gone down hill. ?They are out of things often week after week. ?The service has become poor. ?Some of the long time employees are good but the bad now outweighs the good at that location.The street people hitting you up in the drive through and inside but the managers will do nothing about them. ?Talked to the owner and he said he would see thing get better but they did not. After all these years we decided we no longer need McDonalds and have not been in three months. ?We have ten grandkids that are not missing it either. ?Poor service has cost them a lot when you think about it over the years.
Agree worst McDonalds ever. Not only did they mess up our order they messed up the order before ours.
Worst McDonalds in Vegas! Bad service consistently and sloppy made food.  trys and still crap. WTF! I am sure the hobos panhandling outside could do better. They seriously must go out of the way to fuck things up. I just want to know what other McDonalds this Franchisee owns so I can avoid those also.
Horrible Service- to the extent that I had to come on and write about a mcdonalds... Lol
I went to get some food for my wife and I at pm. This place is in a hotel so you think they would have staffing. Nope! They had  people working and were running out of food as they were taking orders. No planning ahead here. There were almost  people in line and took over half an hour to get my food. It was ridiculous.
This place is quite sub par even for a McDonalds. ?This place is really ghetto and theres always a bunch of annoying kids loitering and taking up the available tables. ?I guess its OK if you want to grab a soda on a hot day or a snack to munch on while walking around but again its not very good... for your health or for taste. ?I say exert some self-discipline buy something worthwhile in Walmarts grocery section then go home and prepare something worth eating.
I was on my way home a little after midnight and I wanted a cold drink. ?This McDonalds is easy to get to. ?The drive through had three cars in front of me but before long I had my diet Coke ordered and I was soon at the window picking it up.I generally dont stop in this neighborhood because there are others closer to home but this was perfect last night. ?A good stop with a pleasant and quick staff.
Ordered at am on . Did not get food until am. They forgot our order of fries. I had to call twice and they hung up on me both times without an update. Third time I called they said they were waiting for the eggs to cook. am received order of fries.
By far the worst drive thru experience in the United States. My husband & I stopped by for drinks since it was a hot evening during our visit in Vegas. A tall large African American man was working the drive thru. When we ordered he never responded over the speaker after waiting  minutes. We finally pulled up to the window & the car in front of us entire order was wrong. They had to pull up front & wait. When we made it to the window he asked us did you order? & we confirmed yes he asked what it was. Once we told him what our order was he said for real . I was floored at the TERRIBLE service of this chain. The service was so bad I took a photo of the phone number posted outside the window to file a complaint. After he confirmed our order which was only two drinks we waited at that window another  minutes to get the drinks. When we drove off we noticed it was a slu of cars waiting behind us.The guy working the window CLEARLY did not know what he was doing & shouldnt have been working the drive thru. The owner of this franchise really needs to put some TLC & training into their staff.
Drive thru SUCKS here!!!! This is the rd time they messed up my order and there sooooo freakin slow! They have no since of urgency.
What do you expect? Its a McDonalds. You go here for bad coffee and even worse food. I usually get annoyed when I receive poor service but I should temper the urge to write about it based on the location and the service they are providing. If you want better service andor better food go to a Starbuck and spend a few more pennies. This is just an average run-of-the-mill McDonalds.
Fries were old and cold...they were out of ice. Asked for the sandwich to be plain it did not come that way. They forgot to give us our drinks.
This location is quite busy. Had a good deal on Big Macs. Quick and easy food to pick up for the kids on the go ...
Only  reviews for a McDonalds hmmm...make it !Lets just say not the best. ?Ive been + times to this location. ? of the  times they had my order wrong. ?Once when ordering chicken mcnuggets via the Drive-thru they asked me to pull around the corner and park...and they would bring it out to me. ?I waited  minutes! ?On a positive note if you order and decide to eat there the inside is actually pretty big and kept clean. ?Its also offstrip and has easy parking. ?P.S. In-and-Out is just one more block up the street!
The story is short Evil Dishonest Scam artists and bigots.The story is LONGThere are a number of things wrong with this McDonalds but a few things that are right. Lets start with ...The GoodFood is usually correct as ordered in the drive-thru.Workers are friendly enough probably because they see me often.The BadOn the drive-thru menu board it SAYS PLAINLY Value Meal # Quarter Pounder w cheese $. for medium friesdrink large fries and large drink for $. extra. Total should be $. plus tax.I say PLAINLY at least a dozen times a month Number  LARGE with COKE!.My receipt SAYS PLAINLY  QRT CHEESE ML-LRG $.  XLG COKE .. Subtotal $. TAKE OUT TAX ..WTF is a TAKE OUT TAX? Were quibbling over  cents plus a dubious TAKE OUT TAX but its twenty cents for  customers an hour times  hours a day times  days a year. SCAM ARTISTS RUNNING THIS MCDONALDS! BOO! HISS!The UglyOnly people of one race and one sex are hired at this restaurant and apparently only one national origin too. ?This is against Federal law see eeoc.gov  When a population of workers is examined as to characteristics such as gender race and age and the data is charted according to statistical groupings and you wind up with everybody being the same this is a pattern that is against Federal law. But who cares its Vegas and its McDonalds in Vegas right? I emailed McDonalds corporate and they couldnt care less. The response I got back was a form letter copypasted.
WTF! This place sucks! Just left drive thru...was in line for  min! Girl got my order wrong took back extra soda...gave me my order and disappeared for  min while I waited for receipt. When I finally got my receipt I was so mad I drove off only to find out I still got charged for the soda! Wow really mc ds? She was so lazy she bet on me leaving so she didnt have to give me my $ refund. Jokes on me. One less family that will go here so sad
Nice McDonalds inside but they have a remote that locks the bathroom. Ghetto much?
Simple question what is so hard about making a dipped cone that looks like the picture in the restaurant. ?Sometimes they make it so fat that it attacks my clothing.I love your dipped cones. ?Addicted to it.
Its mcdonalds for F@&S sake. It is what it is. The food sucks but it is usually microwaved or fried within a debatable somewhat reasonable amt. of time. Staff are usually genuinely unhappy but nice none the less.
Here I sit.  minutes now waiting for my  breakfast burritos. This McDonalds is slow and the employees are not at all friendly. I do not recommend this place at all.
Worst McDonalds Ever! ?I work close so it is convenient for breakfast and lunch however after my experience today I will not be going back. ?With so many other dining options in the area I wonder why they dont pay attention to the reviews and step up their game. ?Today I went through the drive thru - which is always the slowest around average of about  mins in line - longest time was  minutes. ?Today was the th time in a month that Ive been through the drive thru and my order was wrong or incomplete. ?Im only one person how many other people does this happen to.This morning I went to the drive thru about am lucky since I was the only one in line. ?Placed my order but could tell the person taking my order was distracted. ?Got to the payment window where the person dropped my change on the ground ugh. ?Next window pick up food. ?Here is the entire conversation Me ?Can I get some Mayonnaise and Salt? MDs ?Mayonnaise? ?as he is chatting with a co-worker and not listening to me.Me Yes Mayonnaise and Salt.MDs OK. ?Still chatting it up with co-workerMDs ?That was Mayonnaise and Jelly?Me No. ?Mayonnaise and Salt.UGH!! ?Pay attention! ?Needless to say I got to work and order was incomplete. ?Frustrated I got back in my car drove back to restaurant and went inside. ?Talked to a manager or assistant couldnt tell as they had no nametag but they were very uninterested in the fact that a customer had an issue. ?I explained that it had happened  times in last month still no reaction. ?No concern NO APOLOGY. ? ?He proceeded to get my other item but was not going to replace the current one I brought back. ?Since it was now a cold item I had to ask to get a replacement.I mentioned again that this is the th time in a month that this had happened to just me but again no apology no concern and no reaction. ?Worst customer service of any restaurant Ive ever been in. ?It seems to me that they need to be reading these reviews and try to improve. ?I will be sending a copy of this review to McDonalds corporate office because if they are not already aware of how bad this store is they need to be.
This McDs is bad. It is near my home and has a drive thru so I hit it up for the dollar menu. It is pure convenience that I go to this one. The wait for food here is unreal. this last week my mcdouble tasted more like it was reheated. The bun was rock hard I just never know if Im going to get what I ordered correctly or if it will taste normal or reheated. I have been getting coupon books in the mail that have been good deals. Inside feels kinda cramped. The lines inside are as bad as the drive thru. Please remember that people leaving the drive thru have rights too. I obey the stop sign before pulling out but it seems the people shopping within the strip mall think they have the right to zip by you and not let you out.
Im so relieved Im not the only one who knows how dysfunctional this McDonalds is compared to any other. ?Every time Id be in the drive-thru theyd get my order wrong and as I waited for my upcoming wrong order with cars in front of me I entertained myself by  watching ?the hand-off of food from the employee ?to the driver of the car  a slight pause and  ?then the hand back as the driver QAs and returns the wrong order that was given to them. ?I hope this McDonalds improves because Im sure there are some good employees who work here and this is such a great location for this restaurant.
Dont come in. Their priority is the drive thru. Dont waste your time. Horrible customer service. I will be avoiding this place as much as possible.
The drive- thru might be the worst. ?Ive gone through a few times. ?The staff is rude and when they short your order your made to feel like its your fault .
I dont mind fresh and hot...but when you have to wait  minutes to order and another  minutes to receive the order plus bad attitude....not a good mixTry two cashiers when you got  people or more in one line...that would cut the first  minutes
Flavorless cardboard and meat like substance.. ? Unfit for human consumption !!! ? ? ?I gave irvine last try and its worse than ever
This is the only burger place within  minutes of my office so Ive been going here to pick up my lunch before starting work. However this morning I get there at  because i have to be at work at . I try to order a chicken wrap and Im told they cant take lunch orders until . Now up until recently I worked in the food industry for  years as a manager and I understand the reason for these time frames for breakfast and lunch but at  minutes till I can get a wrap so I can make it to my office with lunch on time? I asked the order taker if they could please help me out it was only  minutes and they flat out refused. OUTSTANDING CUSTOMER SERVICE GUYS!! Wont be going back. There is a Vons a Port of Subs a Panda Express an Ensteins Bagels  Pizza Places and a couple of other restraunts all in the same shopping center so just keep pushing business away to your competitors.Monday June    am
This is hands down the WORST McDs location.I keep saying I wont go back but I think what keeps me going back is that living in the heart of Summerlin there isnt much of an option besides the Burger King on Town Center.The drive-thru is always so so so long and the workers at the window are so slow and seem like it is their first day every time. My order is NEVER right! I order a McGriddle and get a McMuffin WTH! The food is either overcooked or not accurate. What is with the coke? It always and I mean always tastes weird.I have sent an e-mail through the website complaining and they said since nobody else complained about the coke it must be fine. WRONG! If you get the nasty coke please send them an e-mail if enough people complain they might actually do something!!I usually go to the location on Charleston but since this one is so close I do still come here when I have coupons but I make sure and go inside where I can verify my order.
I dont know what it is about this McDonalds. Its like kids run the joint. Not that they arent friendly but too many of them just arent professional and seem to think the customers are part of their entertainment. This job is basically an extension to their social life. ?Its a problem.
Service is terribly slow. Orders have never been correct. Manager Oscar is trained in a third world country. I have boycotted this location for the last year and I live and work within walking distance of this place. Id much rather go out of my way and give my money to the Boca Park location.
This was the worst Mcdonalds in all of Las Vegas. ?My daughter wanted a breakfast burrito and I needed a coffee.  car in front in of me and  minutes stuck in the drive thru. WHOs the manager? I didnt see one person that was capable of being in charge of running that place. Next tiem I decide to go to Mcdonalds by my job I will hop on the freeway and go to another one and still return to work faster then running across the street to this one!!!!!!
Honestly McDonalds is a McDonalds but Ive never been to one so slow. Went in to grab some breakfast and although no one was there it still took  min. The fact that I keep coming back is just because it is close.
Went through the Drive-thru today at about  am for lunch. Ordered the habanero quarter pounders and a caramel sundae. Sundae machine was down so no sundae. I should have taken that as an omen and just left. Got the promo to buy a quarter pounder & get one free. When I went to eat my sandwich I had to search for the habanero sauce just a touch was on the bun and the burger was dry as hell and tasted like it had been reheated from the day before. I took one bite and could barely chew it. I threw them both away. What a waste of gas and time. Never going to this place again ... ?AWFUL
I dont know what the deal is with this location but they are ridiculously slow! Even if my order is a pre made salad and iced coffee and there is no one else in the drive-thru lane it still takes forever!
Dont tell anyone but I like McDonalds coffee better than Starbucks. I rather have McDonalds coffee over any other coffee in the world. This McDonalds location would have gotten  stars about  months ago but things have changed. A few months ago the workers were really cool but now they have all just gotten really f*cking weird! Its almost like one of those s B-Horror Movies where one of the workers gets infected with the ZombieVampireWerewolf virus and then comes to work the next day and spreads it to all his coworkers. ?Thats the only logical explanation because every worker here has transformed into McDumbasses!I want to remind you that this is Summerlin so that means that everyone runs stop signs no one yields for pedestrians ?and everyone argues over the stupidest most insignificant things. Watch out when you are entering this drive-thru because there is a huge chance that some douchebag in a BMW will run the stop sign in order to cut in front of you.When I drove up to the box there was no answer. About  minutes later I begin hearing a ton of static and then this bizarre sounding guy starts talking in this strange tone. He sounded like a drunk Orson Wells. When I pulled up to the first window to pay the window slowly slid open to reveal the face of a morbid looking kid with gigantic dilated eyes and one of those horror movie smiles. Immediately he lets out this high pitched reeehhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! noise at me. At that particular moment due to the fear of man-rape I thought about driving over the planters and escaping. But he looked so weird that I came to the conclusion that he might have some kind of paranormal super powers and would catch me no matter how fast I drove so I just sat there and awaited my fate. After about - seconds he told me how much my coffee cost in a disturbingly soft tone voice and thankfully he didnt serve me McRape. ?When I drove up to the pick-up window I was greeted by an anorexic looking latino kid who didnt even give me eye contact and while holding the coffee he sticks his arm out the window and just drops it before I even have the chance to reach out to grab it. It was a miracle that I caught the thing in mid air. ?I was glad to get the McF*ck out of there.
Awful service and extremely slow. Go elsewhere.
I love Mcdonalds grew up on it and still take my boys there regularly and I have to say this. ?The location off of the circle in Summerlin really has some hard times keeping up. ?The place always seems to be a bit dirty both in the lobby and behind the counter. ?I dread getting a quick bite with the boys when we are in a hurry as they are never fast in the drive thru!! ?BUT the food is always just as good at any other Mcdonalds so they do have that going for them!! ?It is literally though one of the slowest mickey Ds I have ever been to. ?And this is not just one experience I go very regularly because as I said I love it and this one is the closest to me so for convenience but sometimes I wonder if it would be faster to drive seven minutes out of my way to another mcdonalds....Their Employees are so nice though just not the best on the speed side of things!Maybe they will get better!
Ive never tried a McRib Sandwich and I heard via the Talk Threads that McDonalds in Las Vegas started serving them the other day so I took my Son here to give this legendary Sandwich a try.We ordered two McRib Meals Sandwich Fries Soda $.. ?I also wanted to try the $ Spicy McChicken Sandwich.The verdict......I didnt like the McRib at all...blech! ?The Sauce was the best part about it. Other than that it was pretty bland. ?The Fries were good of course....and the Spicy McChicken Sandwich was decent not bad for $.Overall it was a complete waste of calories. ?Im not dinging McDonalds for my stupid curiosity so they get  Stars. ?The McDonalds experience was A-OK. Did I find value in my meal? ?Not today....my fault though.Will I return? ?Id come back again to order something I enjoy.
Pretty good service for fast food.
The drive through line is terrible. They are painfully slow.
This has to be the WORST McDonalds within a  mile radius. The staff are young rude untrained kids from the local middle school and the drive-through is really painfull. This location should be closed down or sold to someone who knows how to run a McDonalds. Theyre always out of something theres never a cashier in the first drive- through window where your supposed to pay so people sit in their cars and wait for a cashier to magically appear to take their money..not happening! So then you decide to walk in to order thinking youll get your order faster and not missing something..WRONG! As you stand there and wait for them to make and bag your order your watching the car that would have been behind you in the drive-through leave. WTF! Next time Im getting Mexican food!
Years of pathetic service disgusting food and dangerous mistakes. Why do I keep going back?Having nothing to do with Mcdonalds food in general and more to do with the ability of this specific location to produce it with out killing anybody. I have been going to this particular store for years. It is right around the corner from where I used to live and is on the way from where I live to pretty much everything I use gas station costco movie theater market etc. It is the only convenient location and for a while Mcdonalds was the only place that had $ drinks. So those are my lame excuses for repeatedly torturing myself with this horrible place! Service I used to be a manager with another fast food chain. I know what service SHOULD be. I also know what it usually is. It doesnt have to be  star. But the rude attitudes ridiculously slow service and inability to get a single order right is really a bit too much. When I say slow service I am talking  minutes is average drive thru time for a dollar menu burger and a soda. Correct orders Yes my order can occasionally be complicated no castup add big mac sauce... but when I thought they could do no worse... they messed up an order for  large drinks.  diet cokes a lemonade and an unsweet iced tea all with extra ice. We received a regular coke a lemonade a Dr. Pepper and a sweet iced tea.  drinks had no ice at all. and the other  had a few pieces floating around. We have never received a correct order from this store. EVER. I could go on and on about it but I will stick with this sad example and move on.Dangerousdisgustingincorrectly made Something a little different then an order where they put the wrong thing in the bag or mess up a custom is when they just make it incorrectly or dangerously. Some of the examples of this include pies that expired an hour before I received them an egg that was completely raw in the middle and tonights lovely mess up. Tonight I ordered the Angus Mushroom and Swiss. According to the website this should include  full slices of swiss cheese and a decent amount of mushrooms. I had about a teaspoon of mushrooms no sauce and  a slice of cheese. That is right they left off a slice and a half of cheese! In addition it was a regular and relatively old quarter pound patty not the big ole angus patty they should have used. I have called the number on the receipt multiple times that takes me to the district office. They consistently send out a free sandwich or drink coupon to apologize. They tell me how sorry they are and suggest I try one of their other locations as this is the only one they receive complaints from. From what I was told they are revamping this store but I have been told that for well over a year and it seems to have been unvamped and going down hill which I didnt think was even possible! I keep vowing this will be my last visit but then find myself sitting in the drive thru line yet again wondering if I will ever receive my food. I highly do not recommend this location. Hopefully you wont be lured in by whatever the heck keeps luring me! -Sarah This was written by Pauls wife because I am usually the one dealing with them. I guess he got smarter.
My drive through experience was a pleasant one. The workers seemed very friendly and I received quick service. Whenever I go to drive thrus Im not usually asked how my day is going unless Im at Starbucks. I didnt feel like I was rushed and the most important thing is they didnt forget the sweet and sour sauce!
Avoid the drive through in the evenings.Food takes too long the people taking orders and at the window are not professional at all.If I do plan on going to this McDonalds at night I always have a better experience walking in.
So horrible no matter what time of day it is youll always get food that has been prepared so messy.
very nice and clean. i came here late night and it was the only mcDs open in the area i think. came for the sweet tea.. and they had no more!
thinking lightening and back luck couldnt possibly strike twice i returned to mcdonalds in summerlin to place a small order not  mcmuffins as the morning before for me & the posse who got called into work on a sunday. ?this time i opt to go thru the drive-thru coz nobodys in line. ?wow its looking good... or so i thought. ?paid for my simple order at the st window then waited  more minutes behind the only car at the pickup window here we go am i gonna be later for work again with only  car in front of me? WTF????. Cars were honking ferociously behind me. now im blocked in. ?low and behold when i move up i recognize the guy handing me my food as one of the mcdonalds workers who stepped over my pile of food in slow-motion matrix effect yesterday morning. ?ughhh! ?guess theyre probably hiring at this fast food establishment and will take any dreggs off the street who either has a pulse or a trust fund so whats the hurry? ?Gave them a nd chance learned my lesson wont ever go back. ?As an aside took the time to e-mail mcdonalds and got the proverbial party line response i.e. we pride ourselves on blah blah blah. i normally believe in redemption but not from this place.
Parking not very welcoming to large RVs and dont park next door at the convenience station they charge to park. Staff seemed confused on how to handle special requests choosing instead to argue with a customer in-front of me and behind me.
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to.Yes there ARE better McDs out there. Like the one on Boulder Highway by Jokers Wild right before you hit Warm Springs.I have visited the last two nights here....Because I was picking up a friend of mine who got off from work and we had a sweet tooth.....along with my family members at the house.Yesterday we pull up and ask for hot fudge sundaes. Ice cream machine is out.Instead we get two large sweet teas.....Which were overly sweet. Almost...gave off a syrup feel after I swallowed.Tonight the ice cream machine IS working so I get two sundaes and of course two large sweet teas.Sundaes look sad because they are not in their proper clear plastic cup...they are instead in mini McFlurry cups....not even filled completely might I add.My friend and I take one sip of our sweet teas....and they taste like dirty water.Its almost like they were trying to trick us.....Like they didnt have enough tea so they filled  of the cup with water.... Seriously if I wanted the taste of unfiltered water I would just pick up a hose out of someones back yard. The women who work here hate their lives. I mean they are just wretched.One of the cars parked by the drive thru was.....vandalized with shaving cream and what appeared to be eggs... Cant say I blame the perpitrator when these ladies cant even pour a glass of tea. .....I dont condone it but hey some people are crazy about their food.
Cold fries and best of all a customer came in and ordered. The table he wanted had some kind of white creamy junk on it. He went and told someone and they handed him a rag. Lol
I wish I could give no stars. I have literally had to call so many times to complain that Ive stopped because its clear no one there give a fuck about their customers. McDonalds corp just had the owner if this location call me and all she did was question me about all the issues as if I was the one who seemed sketchy. I even told them I dont want free food just get my order right.
Update. Im sick of coming here and having them tell me after a long wait in line that theyre out of whatever im looking for. Please. After a few times i get the picture.
I do not live far from this McDonalds location so I have been here several times before. Today is Tuesday Jan. th@am and I placed and paid for an order of sausage wegg biscuit and  hasbrowns to go at the drive thru. The meal was bagged and handed to me by the store mgr. at the nd window. When I returned home what I found was a sausage wegg biscuit but only  hashbrown. A small inconvenience but when I am unemployed and pay for a portion of a meal I did not receive...Im sure you get the point.Trust reliabilty...out the window. For all who read this be sure to check your order before pulling away from the drive thru window. I wont be patronizing this location for awhile.
Employees look like they hate their job. Milkshake was like drinking milk. Food was cold and not warm at all.
Keep Driving.On this day they were only accepting cash? I wanted to order a drink at the window where I paid and she she said I couldnt? More like she wouldnt. Kids shakes were dripping and messy so when I asked for extra napkins to clean up her mess the ding-dong gives me one napkin. Then I tell them napkins were not in the bags and when I asked for more they hand me ONE napkin.This is when you give up and drive away!
Came in for breakfast and ordered a sausage egg biscuit with an iced mocha. The cashier advised me that I couldnt get a mocha when I asked about a frappucino she said no to that too and then mentioned that they were out of orange juice. Essentially I had the choice of getting a sweet tea or a Coke product with my breakfast sandwich and hash brown. Now that I have experienced sweet tea with a sausage egg biscuit I can say with all certainty that these two items should not be served together.This particular McDonalds does not exude any of McDonalds core philosophies such as variety or efficiency. It seems poorly stocked poorly operated and under maintained. The bathrooms are filthy and I would suggest buying a cheap pair of socks for your child because their socks will be coated in dirt after  minutes of playing. The only thing that was good about my visit was my sausage egg biscuit sandwich. The hash brown tasted as though it had fried in old rancid oil. The sweet tea while good by itself shouldnt be  of  options available during the morning since someone or something broke the McCafe machine and ran away with the orange juice.Seriously dont go here. This is not the McDonalds youre looking for.
The worst service Ive ever seen! They act like youre bothering them. Ill drive an extra couple of miles to go to another McDonalds. or just go somewhere else.
Came to this McDonalds a couple of times and tried to order a few drinks and their machine did not work for anything. No hot chocolate no hot mocha no anything. On top of that the lady in the drive thru said it hasnt worked for a couple of months. A multi million dollar company and they cant fix the machines? ?Wth? Not coming to this mcd again. ?And they are slow  mins to get a drink.
Terrible service! Staff was too busy chatting with each other . I left with my  children after waiting  min to place an order. I will never return to this McDonalds ! I will take my business elsewhere and recommend you do the same.
Went there on a Sunday afternoon. ?It was only moderately busy. But only one cashier Jessica Carter taking orders. She complained that kids in general in restaurant were screaming too loud and that she was too busy to accurately take our orders. Waited more than  minutes for our food. The order as placed on tray was incorrect. ?A new low in fast food...
Starts as good still serving breakfast Im happy ok. Then the McCafe machine is broke ok screw it Ill just by Starbucks. Next order taken employees shift change and forget to make my food. All I can say is are you kidding me
I dont eat at McDonalds often but I had a craving for their frozen lemonade drink. One worker greeted me at the door as I walked in the cashier was very polite and everyone of the employees was actively working either completing orders or cleaning. I was kinda impressed with seeing a crew work together like they did on this visit. Not room for complaints with anything at all kudos to the team there.
McDonalds should never disappoint but this one certainly will as they are slow as heck and  times out of  your fries WILL be cold!
Seriously I do not know why I bother with this place other than its the closest fast food to where I live. ?So many fails its unbelievable. ?Burgers with no buns wrong orders soda without carbonation or taste. ?Ive even gone far enough to complain to corporate. ?Even though they had someone call me about it they actual place didnt seem to improve. ? Just skip it.
they mess up every time i go unless my order is under  bucks even if its just sweet tea its straight crappy water. ?i called corporate twice they sent me a coupon which was not even the value of what they made a mistake on. ?my name was in the BOOK and the lady behind the counter still wanted my receipt. corporate even said i didnt need one. i understand they get jacked all the time but dont jack your customers....its a pass
So what do you get when you are hungry...its AM....you only have had  hours sleep and you are looking for a homie who was last heard from  hours ago....McDs of course!!!The sausage egg McMuffin tastes like heaven when you are a bit drunk still driving down and around the strip. At the OJ and water.....pure re-hydrating goodness!!! The take ATMCredit at the drive thru and are speedy and attentive when taking your order.Oh BTW...the friend I was looking for...he was still in our hotel at the same craps table I left him at!!!!! I actually left the hotel cause I didnt think he would still be down there!! Gotta love Vegas!!
Worst McDonalds ever! If youre looking for customer service this is definitely not the place. ?How hard is it to get an order right? Or I dont know ?how hard is it to work the drive thru window and pretend to know what your doing!! Ugh
I was walking down the Strip with relatives from out of town when they commented they were thirsty. At their behest we went into this McDonalds.The line was long and ill-managed. Only one register was open despite the  or so people in line.Most of my companions got their soda right away. One person ordered a coffee which took  minutes to receive.
Terrible service plain and simple!
John the manager at this mcdonalds was rude and did not want to provide customer service. In the middle of ordering drive through he refused to accept order. I guess he thinks because he has flashy lights he can do as he likes. ?I do not recommend this Mcdonalds. ?Take it for what its worth. ?Hope you have a better experience than I did.
Just having come from a trip at the hotel across the street from this little wonder I got to speak.Night one About midnight I go in. There are about  people waiting in line. Fewer are behind the counter. The lights are on.Mister Manager announces We close for  minutes! Order later!. Curious. Rude. Dismissive.Night two The layout of the place makes for poor line control. From S. Las Vegas Blvd. won walks into a box type eating area then for no good reason the ordering counters swing to an angle. One is challenged as to were the line is and which line they are in.The management staff was rough with staff and the staff seemingly part of the Clinton Welfare reform failure.People working in a McDys on The Strip need a certain group of skills.The ones at this McDys lacked skills.
This Mcdonalds is not only in the business of making crappy food and providing even crappier service watch out for the racket they have in the parking lot . If your not careful reading the sign at the the front of the entrance it is going to cost you $. in parking fees. went in to to ask the management they just blew me off. lucky they are in vegas where they dont count on repeat businesssss.
This is the most fucked up McDonalds you are gonna see. ?Of course I didnt buy anything in here but really like going in there to use their bathroom because its like negative McMoney for the big McCorporationBucks.com. ?They have a shitty parking lot people reading racing papers in the back and a depressed Korean woman eating a chicken sandwich in the front. ?Theres a big old Golden Arches out there with lights all over it like just regular light bulb lights. ?The sign says new building coming soon and there are shitty renderings of a new fancy Dallas-style McDs with vegas lights all over it. ?I can certainly wait for the new sign and building because I like the old one. ?I went in here when I was buzzing on a Full Throttle slurpee which I highly recommend.
remember when i said I never eat at mcdonalds? ?I think I did. ?I vaguely remember a fried chicken sandwich sometime around am. ?i think i might have slept in it which wouldnt have been too bad since i think it was soggy anyway. ?drunk vegas and vacation are my excuses and im sticking to em
One star because McDonalds is not food... its engineered matter that just happens to be edible. But I thought Id review this McDonalds in particular. Its the last McDonalds I ever ate at. The year was  and in the dark of night in the cool spring air my friends and I stumbled out of a casino drunk from free beer and poor from expensive gambling. It was  AM and although our appetites were ginormous our options were limited. We happened upon this McDonalds where they were offering double cheeseburgers for $.. I ordered three. My companions followed suit. We sat down among the other customers three older men sparsely seated and desperate to stay awake lest they be thrown out in the street amongst the crumpled pornographic business cards. One man chewed with his eyes closed. Another bobbed his head up and down. Either he was falling in and out of sleep or agreeing with everything. The last man was not so far gone but was the dirtiest of them all. Once our burgers were consumed we headed out. I was glad to leave... only sleep lay before me now.
We came here the day after Christmas with our  kids and our nephew to quickly eat breakfast. ?We were greeted in a very non friendly demeanor by this older woman who just couldnt get our order right. ?Once we got our order she still got it wrong and I went back and said something to her. ?No apologies. ?She would not give me the small coffee I wanted instead of the large coffee and she short changed us a sausage burrito.So I bought another coffee even though I should not have had to pay for it because I was in a rush. ?She just had a really sour attitude and I know she probably doesnt like working there but its not my fault. ?She accepted working there.So for that I give her a  star.However the next day we did come and the younger man was in her place and he was pretty much perfect. ?Got everything right. ?Great attitude no issues. ?I give him a  star.
I usually dont have problems with this location even though I get irritated with their employees attitudes sometimes. Today however my experience annoyed me more than usual because of the dumb people who work there. The one worker that I absolutely dread encountering is the slightly older woman with glasses who is on the heavier side. She has the worst attitude out of all the workers there and it is clear that she hates her job. She is just not friendly at all and can never get an order right. When I drove up to the pick up window a teenage employee was there and gave me my bag of food. I ordered two combos. I waited about  seconds for my drinks and he was awkwardly standing there wondering why I didnt drive off yet. Then he asked Are you waiting for something else? That should be it. I said ...We ordered drinks too. He looks behind him and there are my drinks! Oh! he exclaims. As I am situating the drinks into my cup holders I hear him say Here. When I turn around towards the window half of his arm is in my car and the straws almost hit my face! WTF?! I was so irritated by his incompetency. Also one thing that I dont like is how two drive-thru speakers are built but the employees are always confused by which one to use. For example I would order at the first speaker. When there is a long line I get stuck at the second speaker and a worker tries to take my order there when I already ordered at the first one! Sometimes I tell them that Ive already ordered and sometimes I ignore them even when theyre constantly asking Hello? Are you ready to order?Incompetent workers and a confusing drive-thru! So annoying.
Ok We have a consistent problem with this McDonalds. Specifically with the coffee. And thats too bad because McDs coffee is typically very good. Todays problem is the decaf. Old. Very old. Id say from late last night possibly but certainly not brewed this morning. We should have went to the coffee shop next door. Previously & not yet posted Almost without exception either the coffee or the service is just awful here. I started asking for creamsugar on the side because they screw it up. ?The coffee is sometime cold as well.
Went here for Breakfast with my Grand daughter. She loved ?the play place. I ordered ?the bacon egg biscuit hash browns and iced coffee for me and since they do not have happy meals at breakfast time they really need to come up with a happy meal breakfast! we ordered scrambled eggs and bacon for her. My biscuit was very dry and the hash browns were cold in the middle. Scrambled eggs were not fully cooked but bacon was nice and crispy.
Worst McDonalds in the history of McDonalds. All of their employees are rude serve cold food and have bad attitudes.. Your better off with Taco Bell ?a mile away. Dont waste your time or money.
McDonalds will be McDonalds so Ive based my review on service alone. cashier had no personality. He didnt smile or even was interested on working. He looked and sounded miserable taking my order. The manager on the other hand gave me my food with a smile and even cracked a joke. it was a morning shift so that employee needs to cheer up and smile more and spread positive vibes especially when people are just starting their day.
I am only giving this location one star because you cant give zero stars. This location cant get anything right. First my order is wrong or incomplete  out of  times. Second the food comes out cold or the fries will not be salted often. Third a managershift supervisor was extremely rude to me simply because I went through the drive thru w two separate orders. Fourth if you want ice cream its a crap shoot. You never know if the machine will work. TERRIBLE! Worst McDonalds on the planet!!!!
I forget that Im at McDonalds when I visit this location. It is very clean and the food is fresh. The indoor play area is large and new. Service is good...could use a few more smiles. Sometimes I feel as if the cashier same one each time I went is annoyed that she actually has to work when I go up to order. But my order was always correct. I definitely recommend this location!
This place is absolutely horrible! The last  times I have gone there they have gotten the order wrong. This last time was the final straw. They not only got the order wrong but the food they did give us was cold! The chicken sandwich was cold and felt like cardboard! The fries were completely disgusting and soggy like they had been redropped in the fryer. The manager on duty was an absolute joke! Aubrey the manager did not offer to remake the food. I had to demand a refund from him. And then asked if it would be remade and he said oh you want it redone? This is the absolute worst McDonalds and upper management should be ashamed of the level of service that is provided to their customers and the horrible quality of their food!
Why do I keep falling into this hellhole?! times yes  the most I chances I have given a place...either theya Are out of whatever you want.b Have bad attitudes.c Give you cold food.d Give you melted down frozen strawberry lemonade that looks like puke I should have taken a picture so that you would know I am not making it up.I am going to yell now ready? STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!!
McDonalds usually is good for an inexpensive decent quick bite when youve been drinking. However I hate clarifying  times that Im ordering an unsweetened iced tea and receive a disgustingly saccharine sweet tea. I mean this location is one that you order face-to-face through drive-thru! ?Heres the conversation ?Id like an unsweetened iced tea I pronounced. sweetened or unsweetened? asked the careful listener. unsweetened I replied. You know the rest of the story...Oh and the southern style chicken hockey puck was both dry and burnt. This McDonalds receives  star because they were able to make a usual shitty dining experience even shittier.
There is one reason and one reason alone that my family comes to this McDonalds - and its the PlayPlace. With NVs awful winter wind and scorching summers its a nightmare place for kids that need to run off some steam. We come here with my  year old sister and  year old brother so they can run around and to grab a drink. Usually this location is packed with kids. This McDonalds is more expensive than other ones.
Walked into this place for the first time to get an ice cream cone while my wife shopped at nearby pet store. The older lady wearing glasses behind the counter asked me if I wanted it To-Go To-Go ? its an ice cream cone. Anyway I said To-Go this lady then gave me the biggest Yarn as she handed me my change then I watched her drop some kind of plastic cup on to the floor but didnt pick it up right away. She looked like she didnt want to be there at all. i watched her prepare my ice cream cone then she decided to pickup that cup she dropped on the floor earlier what gets me is the way she picked it up looked like as if she was picking up a  lbs weight at the gym. Then as she was handing me my ice cream she says to me Welcome Welcome for What? ?I havent said my Thank You yet ! ?as if she was doing me a big favor. ?I grewup in Japan where a customer service is probably the best in the world so maybe Im little too critical. But I do know one thing if this was a McDonalds in Japan she be so Fired !
Horrible !!!! ?The teenagers who work here are more interested in socializing than serving customers. ?I have been coming to this location for over a year because it is close to my house  but must say I will drive a little further now just so my order will be correct ! ?I dont understand ????? Are suburb teenagers IQs going so far down that they cant get even master a cheeseburger fries and drink order? ? I get excellent correct orders at Maryland pkwy and trop location on my way to work!!!! ?I challenge the owner if this location to order ?a meal here and I would be beyond shocked if it is hot and correct! ?One example i ordered a cone a diet coke and  coffee. ?They give me  coffee. ?I say  my cone? ?He looks at the big bright screen with the order and ?says  oh ya . ?Gives me my cone. ? Then a few seconds pass. ? my diet coke ? ?Once again another long hard look at the screen followed by a puzzled look and another  uggggghh oh ya. ?Need I say more. ?Go somewhere else !!!!!
I stopped coming to this location because they NEVER give you napkins in the drive-thru..employees here are pretty grumpy.
Its a typical Mcdonalds with a play area thats great for kids to run around and burn off some energy. ?It hasnt been renovated like many other Mcdonalds around town but Im sure it will be done sooner rather than later. ?Food was exactly what we ordered and was hot and tasty.
I usually do not care to write reviews for fast food chains but this was the strangest experience we have had in a drive thru in a long time. ?When we pulled up to the first menu we did not see a window so we glanced at the menu and pulled forward to the next menu where the intercom usually is located. ?We did not see one and another car was already behind us. ?We went around the building thinking that we missed it at the first menu only to find that located at the second menu was a big unlit sign stating that it was personal face-to-face service and we were to order at the window...really??? ?We pulled up to the first window and no one was there and neither was there a sign stating to move forward to the next window. ?We took the risk and pulled forward. ?A few seconds later a lady wearing the supervisor uniform took our order while giving another employee a hug and having a conversation with another employee. ?Then we saw the car behind us paying for and placing their order at the first window! ?Then the lady who took our order came back with our food and was trying to give us some change when she realized it belonged to the car behind us. ?The food was cold and old...very confusing and horrible experience at what should have been just a simple drive thru service. ?I am not surprised by the low ratings this location has received.
Good location s-l-o-w service. ?Funny crew on a trip through the drive thru the cutie taking my order for a Happy Meal asked if I would like a girl or a boy toy? I excitedly answered Oh! Ill take a Boytoy! he must of thought I was a dirty old lady hed be half right!
If I could give this McDonalds a negative star I would! ?Absolute worst McDonalds I have ever been to. ?They NEVER get your order right. ?The kids taking your order are usually texting or on their cell phones while you are trying to order. ?The fry containers are always half empty. ?They ALWAYS have a hand written sign hanging up on the drive thru that explains what they are out of. ?One time it was hamburger patties! ?We live around the corner but choose to drive an extra  minutes and go to any McDonalds that is not owned by the Lipscomb & Smith franchisee. Terrible....F!
This McDonalds is absolutely awful. ?It always seems like it is never open its not open  hours like most locations and the service is very horrible and slow. ?The line is always long and as said the place is so slow. ?Their quality for a bacon egg and cheese biscuit is very low. ?The best location is Pecos and Bonanza. ?This one Valle Verde and Paseo Verde is the worst.
We should have read reveiws first! Im amazed that one store in a chain can be so consistently terrible. We have now had our order screwed up three times in a row- thats three for three. We have an endlessly growing tab of free stuff from every time we have called to complain abour our order being wrong. ?The last time we got home with the incorrect order it was actually the store manager who completely screwed our stuff up! If you are going to bother hitting this restaurant against all recommmendation that you do not  make SURE before you leave that the incompetent workers havent botched your food! ?I GUARENTEE that they have.
The sweet tea and fries are always good but everything else on this menu at this location is meh the burgers are arguably the worst I had at any McDonalds sadly
Discusting & Dirty!!! ?If it werent for my Gson I would have left. I took pictures I hope you can see whats going on here.
Its  for  review day! ?I cant review the Walmart without reviewing the McDonalds that resides inside. ?And boy is it some tantalizing stuff.I try not to give too many -star reviews but this McDonalds so deserves it. ?I hardly frequent a McDonalds at all although this is my second McDonalds review in less than a week but I need to let the peeps in on this one. ?No Yelper should go unwarned. ?Of course I came to McDonalds since I have those coupons for their new contraption the McWrap. ?Which when I pronounce very fast and in my Scottish accent sounds much like McCrap. ?After my second go round with this thing I have made up my mind it is decidedly so. ?I need to write McDonalds execs to change the name on this thing immediately.My coupon for the day was buy a medium fries and a medium drink get a McWrap of your choice for FREE. ?I have a hard time resisting free. ?Im here to tell you...WORST ALMOST FREE MEAL OF MY LIFE!!! ?Seriously.It was the tail end of lunchtime so the line was still a bit busy. ?I patiently waited for almost  minutes...which is like forever in McDonalds time. ?At least two folks left the line while I was there. ?I know its not McDonalds fault but the couple in front of me took up majority of the line space because they were in motorized wheelchairs. ?And they were very loud. ?This doesnt bother me much. ?But...they were also very stinky. ?Yes stinky. ?I have no problem with stinky in most cases I occasionally help the homeless so I know but the guy in front of me hadnt washed in DAYS if I were to guess. ?To each his own and I know its almost summer so I know we all want to save water...but DAMN. ?If I get a whiff and I have to take a step back? ?You might be S-T-I-N-K-Y. ?But who am I to judge? ?I took a big step back and waited my turn. ?Free is the motivation here. ?I finally get up there to the McDonalds cashier and present my coupon to the guy. ?He takes a look at it and says We dont usually take the promo coupons at this location but well let you use it. ?Then he proceeds to put the coupon onto a stack of...more coupons! ?Mind boggling to say the least. ?He takes my order of a medium fries and medium drink asks me what type of McWrap I want Grilled Chicken & Bacon and rings me up. ?$. later Im given my receipt and asked to wait for my number to be called.I wait. ?And wait. ?#! ?#! ?#! ?#! ?#! ?#! ?#! ?Obviously Im # and  minutes later I am still waiting. ?Honestly what the Hell are you guys doing back there? ?Mixing the masa for my fresh pressed tortilla? ?Feathering a chicken? ?Perhaps ripening a tomato? ?I ask the McDonalds runner and he tells me Were waiting for your McWrap. ?Of course.At this point Im almost running late to be back at work so the minute I get my order I bolt back to the office and have lunch at my desk. ?Thankfully Im only three minutes away. ?I really really should have just gone to the vending machine or eaten my stash of Reeses chocolate peanut butter eggs from last Easter. ?Talk about disappointment! ?I take out my McWrap from my bag and lay down the box of fries on my desk. ?I continue working while munching away on what is supposed to be McDonalds claim to fame. ?Their golden fries. ?I bite into one eh a bit stale. ?I bit into another one eh not enough salt. ?I bite into yet another one eh cold?? ?I look down and whaddaya know? ?My damn fry is not even barely cooked! ?White like Olivia Wilde in the winter. ?I look through the entire box and find at least half a dozen fries not cooked properly! ?Not golden brown! ?Not delicious! ?Barely out of their frozen state and just limp. ?Not acceptable! ?Please check my pic for proof of this travesty. ?McDonalds not doing their fries right is like IKEA not serving their Swedish Meatballs with gravy. ?NO BUENO.After getting over this somewhat I finally hit my stride to go on to my Grilled Chicken & Bacon McWrap. ?Wow talk about lightning striking twice. ?This thing was lifeless! ?After unwrapping this beast the box is still the best part about this McWrap I could just tell something was off. ?Tortilla was already showing signs of being soggy way too long. ?The chicken peeking out of the top was not looking tip top shape either. ?After some hesitation I took a bite. ?UGH I say UGH! ?Freshness was not part of the gameplan for this McDonalds today. ?All cold and soggy! ?And upon all my McWrap wasnt built correctly! ?Instead of having Spring Mix like its supposed to there was plain old shredded iceberg lettuce! ?And my bacon was missing! ?In the words of our Lord Darth Vader....NOOOOOOOO! ?It was McCrap through & through. ?Totally upset over this one. ?I have picture proof of this travesty of gourmet eats as well. ?McDonalds you have pissed off the wrong fatty. ?I will definitely be calling your hotline to complain about this one for sure. ?Knowing my luck Ill get a coupon for a free McWrap. ?CRAP.
This McDonalds is located at the food side entrance of the Nellis at Craig Walmart Super Center. At the time that I stopped in Walmart on the way to Utah I ate breakfast here. This McDonalds exceeded my expectations. I expected a shoddy McDonalds in one of the Las Vegas valley s older super centers. Instead I was eating in a clean and surprisingly cozy McDonalds. I am under the impression that it was recently refurbished. The interior shows off McDonalds history through portraits of the first McDonalds. The booths are extraordinary comfortable for ?a McDonalds. Disparate from a few Las Vegas Valley Walmart McDonalds this location offers more breakfast items. Including the egg McMuffin. ?On my visit they served me the egg McMahon meal in a short period of time. The coffee was hot. And I left satisfied. ?Keep in mind that I ate here around  AM before the Saturday morning rush. So I have not seen how this McDonalds is when there is a rush of people.
I kinda wish there were negative stars. This McDonalds charged my card the wrong amount. And didnt tell me anything until I looked at my account and went back they said my money will be returned to my account within hours. Now  days later my money is still not in my account. Also. Ive been to other McDonalds with long drive thru lines but they are moving at an okay pace. This McDonalds drive thru lines are the slowest Ive been in.
No just no. I understand that the food I order will never ever come out like it looks in the picture but gadaam dont mean you gotta give me burnt buns on both my mcdoubles. Women I told you no pickles.. and what did I get?? Probably the largest slices in the bunch. Now I get its ?morning... your tired.. well Im tired too! When I say good morning at the window I expect some kinda of acknowledgement.
Kids playplace smells awful and there is food everywhere. ?Will never go there except the drive thru. ?Drive thru staff is very pleasant and polite but it doesnt make up for the messy playplace.
This place is average at best. ?They screw your order up about % of the time. ?When they dont screw your order up something is broke or they are out of something. ?I only blame myself for going back. ?It is the closest place to my house.
The drive thru line is always so long. They only have ice cream about % of the time.
They always have maintenence whenever I go. I would rate  stars if I could gives me a good reason not to eat McDonalds anymore.
Several Times I have Visited this Location and I Have Encountered...Messed Up Orders The Drive Thru Order Takers are Not Very Friendly and at times The Order Takers inside dont pay attention to Customers Standing Right in Front of their Counters until the Manager Says something!Honestly This Particular Location can be a Hit-or-Miss! One Day youll get Excellent Customer Service the Next Day Not So Much!
Its good for a McDonalds. ?Nice clean and fast. ?The staff is polite. ?I like that the d??cor is upscale for a McDs.
Food is about the same as any McDonalds but the service is horrible. Couldnt hear the cashier and she rang up part of the order wrong. The crew was more concerned with screwing with one another than in making food. We were missing items and never did get everything. I dont think well be back.
Messed up our meal three times. Simple orders too. No sweet tea available. Non sense!
Checking out the drive thur after reading all the  star reviews......lets see how they do.......everything is in the bag fresh hot fries even!! Will check the rest of the food once we get home.........and FAIL!!!!! The Chicken Bacon Ranch Hot & spicy was missing both the bacon & the ranch!!!! Ordered  cheeseburgers all  were old and cold as well as the  piece chicken nuggets...old and cold. ?Way to Mc Ds keeping up with the  star reviews.
Worse McDonalds ever!!! ?I dont mind driving down to the Blue Diamond location from now on after several times the drive thru always forgets an item I ordered! ?ALWAYS CHECK YOUR BAG BEFORE DRIVING AWAY FROM THE WINDOW!! ?To top it off I had to drive back to get the burger they forgot and what compensation I get for my inconvenient??? ? effin Apple Pies.... ?are you kidding me??? ?-  Stars if I could rate it like that
Im so upset with the drive through!! As you go to pull out the curb on the left is WAY too long and I ended up turning left and hit it... It ruined my tire and rim!! My friend told me they had done the exact same thing but they are Im an SUV so there was no damage  Im so bummed right now!!
Every time I go their ice cream machine is down. Its a hang out for all the kids in the neighborhood. This establishment including terribles chevron connected to it does not seem to care what goes on in or around their business. Low class for the area they are in.
I never believed it until now.. ?they screw you at the drive thru... ?Yep. Check your bag before you leave the window because they have a tendency more often than not to not give you what you ordered.Case in point ?Today at am picking up breakfast for the family. ?Purchased  hash browns  sausage burritos  parfait  large sweet teas and a hotcakes and sausage with extra butter and I asked for the extra butter repeatedly. ?We waited the drive thru for a good  minutes because they were making our hash browns fresh so they said. ?I get home and there is no parfait. ?ERGH!!! ?Called the restaurant and it seems like them screwing up at the drive thru is common place. ?She took my name down and asked if I wanted to come back this morning or if she should add my name to the book. ?Now that one of my kids did not have their breakfast item I continued to go through the bags to find out that there is NO extra butter and they didnt include the picante sauce packets for the burritos. ?How hard is it for your employees to double check the bags before you give it to the customer? ?I mean you have the receipt that tells you exactly what to put in the bags. ?This is the closest Mc Donalds to our home and it will soon be put on my banned restaurant list.
This is probably the worst night shift McDonalds ever!!!Their drive through service is horrendous! When you approach the drive through you wait I would say at least  mins before someone acknowledges you from the speaker menu.Tonight when I went to the first window to pay no one was there! The car in front of me already left leaving me to wonder if I needed to pull up to the nd window instead. ?I pull up to the nd window only to have a staff member lecture me about not paying. Which by the way I already had my money out ready to pay but because it was an inconvenience for her to walk back to the first window she felt the need to argue first. To top things off they had the wrong order so I had to wait again for my order. ?Believe it or not it took me about  mins for a  piece nugget meal! I thought its called fast food!
This is just a standard Vegas hr McDonalds which is attached to a Chevron that is the closest one to where I live. Always relatively clean and trash is taken out when Im here. Breakfast lunch and graveyard menu are up to standard which Id expect from a $- menu ordering fries spicy McChicken and McDoubles from the dollar menu and McNuggets. I finally had those Mighty Wings and they were pretty large and tasty!
I never thought I would write a review of a McDonalds much less have to write a negative review for a McDonalds. I dont even know how its possible that a McDonalds could be so bad but unfortunately this one is. ? Like many people I have eaten at McDonalds all over America and even in several other countries. ?I have to say this is probably one of the worst McDonalds Ive ever been to other than the one in Manila in the Philippines -and thats only because Im not sure that what was in those burgers was even beef.Where do I begin? The service is terrible. I have never not ONE time gotten what I ordered. I get sweet tea when I ask for unsweetened. I get cheese when I ask for none. I get onions when I ask for none. I get  chicken sandwiches when I ask for  apple pies. ?I have given up on going through the drive thru because I always end up having to pull around park go in and wait in the long line of teenagers getting shakes ?just to get them to correct my order. And even then they dont get it right and I actually have to tell them No see this is a Chicken Sandwich I ordered a McDouble.The food is almost always cold. The burgers are dry and taste like they have been sitting on a shelf for more than an hour. And the frys..ugh! When there are  cars in the drive thru and  people in line I just dont understand how the frys can be cold and stale. It absolutely defies logic. Yes there are times that the food comes out hot. Its one of the reasons I keep going back. Theres nothing like hot Frys from McDonalds.. and also just because its McDonalds. Like it or not its a staple for working parents too tired to cook dinner after work some nights. It is unfortunate that they have no competition in the immediate area to keep them on their toes otherwise they might actually try to improve their service and their product. I am sure they are turning a profit. No doubt. It seems to always be busy. However I truly believe that if ANY other burger joint opened up right next door this place would close down in a month. Every time I say Im never going back I still do. Unfortunately tonight will be one of those nights as the kids specifically requested it. The shear dread of what Im about to go through is what prompted this review. ?I really hope they improve. It hurts to have to knock a McDonalds.
Only ordered  items apple pie bbq Ranch Burger small fries and large Mocha frape. Still messed up my order. Made me wait because they ran out of Mocha mix. Gave me medium frap no apple pie. Went inside told them I ordered large and the missing apple pie. They said there were no apple pies left. Made me wait more than  min. And incorrect order. Just left and disregarded the pie out of my frustration. So bad
I truly never thought that I would write a review about a McDonalds but I guess I am. I hate to say this but you ALWAYS need to check your bags for your food this goes with every fast food restaurant. This particular location has done an amazing job at really stepping up their game to ensure that they are getting orders right.
good service quick polite what more can you ask from McDonalds right?
How does one go about writing a review for McDonalds? ?They are everywhere! ?So Ive prepared a brief thank you letter for Ronald and the gang. ?Dear McDonalds Restaurants ?Thank you for having a value menu. ?I appreciate that I can order not one but two hamburgers french fries and cherry pies for about $. ?Thank you for saving me some money on the days where I only have a few bucks in my wallet. ?Thank you inventing the covenanted sausage McMuffin with egg. ?You truly are a delicious treat in the morning when I need to put something in my belly to start my day. ?Thank you for making your hash browns a hand held oval replica of you famous french fries. ?Thank you for inventing a rib sandwich that only resembles a cartoon version of ribs. ?Your tangy bar b que sauce and the sparse toppings of onions wrapped up in your sesame seed bun is always a treat as you make your appearance for a few weeks each year. ?Thank you for being available  hours to present your inexpensive delights to me at all hours of the night. ?You never disappoint with my low expectations when I dine at you restaurants in Las Vegas and around the world. ? Sincerely Ernesto R. ?Cheers!
the service is either hit or miss
This McDonalds. We hate going to this one because no matter what time of the day we go they always mess up our orders. We have a big family and every time there are a few things always missing.
These guys never get any order right! How hard is it
This is a good McDonalds it is usually pretty busy though inside is nice and well kept its actually one of the nicer interiors of a McDonalds that I have seen In the valley. ?The drive through is usually pretty busy due to the layout but its usually quick. ?The food I get is good and if you havent tried it get a McDouble with Big Mac sauce i highly recommend it its excellent!!!
I havent been to this place in a whiled till now I received  medium fries and some burgers I got home and the fries barely had any almost empty I knew I should of checked first before I left . Never again going to this place
First of all let me say that this McDonalds doesnt have a sign in their drive thru stating that they charge for Ranch. Second of all customer service sucks here. I know that you cant expect them to treat super great but at least have respect. The stupid cashier at the nd window was Rude about me asking for ranch then got her manager which wasnt that nice either.Third of all when I get home my order is missing! I was missing one of our burgers. Then I try to call them but no answer. Why do they have a phone if they wont answer? So guess what store# I call the  number and did a complaint. Hope you learn to have respect Im not asking for u to all happy and jolly JUST RESPECT!Forgot to mention that my husbands fries where half way full! Whats wrong with them!
Ive here tons of times per month for the last  mos.... took my business to this location after a nearby Mc Ds kept screwing up and giving me the wrong order entirely every time including giving me diet soda.Today is like the third time in the last  weeks that Ive ordered a DR PEPPER and got a DIET COKE which Im incredibly allergic to! Thanks for not taking the time to be careful of giving people something they didnt order! Maybe you guys need to be educated about artificial sweetener which diet is worse for you than regular btw readers being a major food allergy before someone gets a lawyer. If it was my grandpa we were just getting a soda for hed be in the hospital right about now.Thanks guys for making my insides burn for the next several hours!! I really DONT appreciate it!!!!!
My visit here was my cycling lunch stop so I was probably more happy than the average patron to see these golden arches. ?This McDs is renovated in the dark-wood-meets-quasi-Starbucks-style and while all appeared trendy and chic one could even watch the game on the suspended flat-screen TV closer inspection revealed a floor that needed to be swept and a few tables that required a good wipedown. ?We had to wait longer than I wanted  minutes! for my food but then again I was only half done my  mile ride at that point and wanted food NOW. ?Also exacerbating the wait I know that drive-thru customers get priority due to corporate demanding fast order-to-receipt times. ?However my fries were salty and hot my burger was fresh and tasted the same as other McDs burgers Ive consumed and child chatter was minimal. ?
Worst MCD ever!!!! I mean it looks legit and super nice cause its new. This place always messes up our order. Especially the older Filipino lady that works there. She has the like resting I hate my job face. Gives attitude and doesnt say sorry for not understanding English by messing up the damn orders! Who ever owns this franchise needs to replace her or who ever there that cant fulfill proper simple orders. ?Make the extra drive down the street to the Rainbow one.
They literally mess up my order EVERY single time! I make the extra drive and go to the one in rainbow and blue diamond!
This place is like any other MCDs locations. The drive thru is pretty quick and my order was ready as I pulled up to the nd window after paying. Exactly how a drive thru should be!
Dont come to this mickey Ds. The service is very poor. Ordered  holiday pies last night through the drive through but DID NOT RECIEVE THEM . Tried to call the number on the receipt but busy for ten minutes. Went back to this store and was told by manager it takes ten minutes to cook pies! What? Drive down a few blocks and get awesome service at rainbow and blue diamond!
Knowing how bad the drive through service has been I went inside and placed an order for a burger. The lobby wasnt trashed but in a need of a sweep and a wipe down. I ordered my Habanero Quarter Pounder and sat at one of the only clean tables in the store. The register guy did come out to sweep and while he did try his best I have to wonder why he choose to move the chairs at my table and sweep below my feet remember that it was the only clean table in the store and ignore what Im only guessing was a hunk of apple on the floor at the table across from me or the fry and salt residue on the seats of the same table? He even went so far as to pick up a stack of napkins from the floor and put them onto the table top. I know I know young kid working his first job trying so hard but hethey desperately need to go back to the McDonald University and get some remedial training or this store is going to fail to earn repeat business from its locals.
Seriously an order of  pc nuggets and you give us TWO sauces when I asked for sweet n sour & honey mustard! Only honey mustard was in there If youre a normal person you know it takes maybe four-five sauces to finish all nuggets. You guys are ridiculous.
Its so nice to have a McDs close and regardless of the service we still frequent this location LOL... But... The double drive thru is tricky. You can be the first to pull in but if the person taking your order is slow then the car next to you who pulled in after you will cut in front of you. Ive had this happen a million times in the morning when Im in a hurry to get to work. When this location first opened they would ask if you wanted creamsugar in your coffee several times I asked for cream and Splenda and got sugar instead. Ive noticed lately that they dont even ask anymore in fact I have to ask when I get to the window and they dont seem sad at all that I have to pull over and fix my own coffee. On the flip side at least its done right.....
Went through the drive thru and this Filipino lady forgot to give me dipping sauce for my nuggets or napkins. So I kindly asked her how come you guys never ask me if I need any sauce like other places? She said dont tell me how to do my job. Easy cowgirl!
The last time I went here the dining area was literally infested with flies. Flies everywhere. I could barely fill my soda cup because I was so mortified by the swarm of flies that were surrounding me. It was gross and Ive never been so terrified in a McDonalds.
Im sorry to agree with everybodys comment here its by far the worst drive thru experience Ive ever had in my entire McDonald fan!! ? I ordered choc chip frappe and apple pie when I got to the window to pick up my order which took mins I was asked if it is ok to not have a choc chip in it because they ran out? ?What?Really?They should have said that mins ago so I could have left and not waste time waiting for me paying full price for half service?? You joking right?If theres zero negative star on here theyll get it!
Had ordered a big Mac and jalapeno double and it is the first time I had to call and let them know how the food is. The big macs lettuce was soggy and old and the jalapeno double had little to no sauce and three jalapeno slices. The fries were refried over and over cause they were Brown and way over salted. I called and the manager was super nice apologized and offered me two meals at no cost and never mentioned I needed a receipt because I had already told her I threw it away. She said she would just write down my name and put it in the books. I take up the offer on a different day and they dont know what Im talking about I pay but get home and the buns are burnt and the order was wrong again. I asked for no meat on the mcmuffin for my daughter and what do they add on meat. Yeah I can take it off myself but the point is is obviously they do not listen to there customers or just dont pay attention I mean every encounter there they always forget or simply make a mistake. Either way Im taking my business else where. Management is not organized and you cant trust their words! The crew is super nice though! I didnt want to have to post this or the pictures but they arent listening so maybe they need to see it pretty sure I wouldnt need a receipt now.
This is got to be one of the worse McDonalds ever even surpassing the McDonalds In Hawthorn Nevada!Stopped there two times in two days I was sick and didnt want to cook or get out of the car. Plus as a child when I got sick my mother would buy me a Big Mac.Anyway we stopped and went thru the drive thru it was pretty quick both times. Our larger truck fit through so that is a good thing.The first trip my husband also sick drove off as soon as the food was handed to us. Im all like what are doing? I havent tried the fries yet! Anyway the fries were either over cooked I dont think so or cooked twice. The amount of salt was unreal and the fries were cooked beyond crispy.Second trip the fries looked like McDonalds fries just not very warm and yes he drove off before I tried one. We get back to the R.V. resort were staying at and I try my Big Mac almost no sauce and very bland. The patties also look like they have gotten smaller.The two ladies at the window were not overly friendly but not rude either. If you want a burger just stop at In and Out across the street.
Go the the rainbow location instead. This location constantly forgets napkins and the staff is rarely friendly. Worth it to just drive a couple miles to the other location.
By far the WORST McDonalds Ive ever been to!!! ?If I could give it less then one star I would. ?I live right down the street so this is the easiest McDonalds to get to but ever time I go the wait is ridiculous the serve is horrible and the food is thrown together! ?I suggest everybody go to the McDonalds off rainbow instead because it going to take just as long either way. ? And their staff is a lot more friendly!!
I was so excited for this McDonalds to open its about time we get a food place in that location. So you can imagine my disappointment with their terrible service and bad quality food making!! Worst. Worst. Worst. I get they are new. I do so the first few times I went I kept my cool didnt complain smiled etc. I like to go mid-morning on my way to work for either just coffee and a Sausage McMuffin with no egg... How complicated of an order can it be??!! Sometimes I will mix it up and get a combo meal this is usually where they royally screw it up. Im irritated just thinking about the visits Ive had and how  out of  visits they screwed something up. To make this brief here are my major issues. I order Splenda to be added to my drink. Im in my work clothes and I dont want to pull over and carefully add it myself and spill on my clothes since they A they always fill it too high and B I dont want to make any more stops! Cheese hardly ever melted on the Quarter Pounder or Big Mac and Ive tried about  or  times. Cheese not melted or the tiniest blob of sauce! I wanted the new habanero ranch couldnt even taste the sauce except for one bite! Plus it was luke-warm at least twice! The hot & spicy with a tiny splash of mayo? I mean really! I ordered an iced Caramel Mocha get to the window she hands me the latte it had no caramel on the whip so I ask is this the Caramel Mocha? She stares at me blankly and says yes I say Im used to it having caramel on top she says its a caramel mocha so off to work I go Im already late because they are super SLOW and sure enough take a sip after Im gone and its a regular mocha. Pathetic service!I did write in to corporate after my th or th attempt to do business there.. And the manager called me and apologized. Told me to come in and get a free combo on him. So not happening. Go in so they can remember me as the Girl who called them out for their shit slow service always messing up my orders ?and crap food making? No thanks. I would have rather had some coups sent so I could remain anonymous. Oh well. I just drive a few more blocks down to Rainbow and Blue Diamond location if i have the extra time they are great! As for this place? Shame on you for STILL not being able to get your shit together! One positive note I will say is there are two very friendly employees there. They work the drive thru taking orders$$ I wish I had their names! Will I be back? Sadly probably yes its very convenient for me on my way to work when I dont have time to go to rainbow location.. But I limit what I get try to keep it simple and always hope for the best... Maybe someday they will be a great location... As for now? The McDonalds Corporation would be ashamed!!!
Not a lot I can say because I seriously visit McDonalds locations for one thing only the Vanilla Reduced Fat Ice Cream Cone! It is very delicious just one dollar range between  cents to $. not including sales tax and just  calories! I cannot complain. We went through the Drive-Thru for our first visit and it went smoothly. Short wait with just - cars ahead of us. Clear speaker the associate asked us to verify our order on the screen great! and there were separate windows for paying and receiving your food. Everyone was very cordial as well. Ill be back!
We waited for about  minutes for our order and when our number was called.... We got cold french fries and cold cheeseburger!
ok so yes they are new and yes it looks nice insidebut every time i go there my food is always i mean always wrongand to make it ever worse is when you ask them to fix it and they still get it wrong Thats pretty bad. And there are a few mangers there that just need to quit or be firedthey are rude they interrupt you when your tring to explain what was wrong.How does a sausage egg mcmuffin with no cheese turn into a ham egg and cheese biscut.
Do I have to give them  star you all should consider this a negative star.Absolutely the worst fast food service Ive ever experienced.Every order Ive gotten has been in some way or the other wrong.i check every order but Im not opening boxes n unwrapping sandwiches.Today I ordered an egg n cheese Mc muffin got em home n they put ham on em.the worst one was couple of months back they had those wings n I ordered them n sat at window for  min been in line for  then Mgr asks me to pull up to wait in s designated space .Im just sitting there before I realize Ive been there another  min and there are no cars in line. I drove over to front door went in an theres the Mgr sitting at a dinning room table eating.i asked her where my food was that Ive been waiting for  minutes outside.i was so mad I just took my food n left. months later stupid me went back for another screw up.Buy the way this Mgr is on duty  percent of time I go there.I was a Mgr for  years in fast food n sit down I wouldnt hire this lady as a cashier
Wasnt bad after the other reviews I was worried. Food was hot except the hash browns and the order was right. The Carmel Frappe was really good. Sat in the Kids Place because the other side was freezing after wiping the table it wasnt bad. All in all meh. Not great not awful typical.
I hate coming here. I think they have new management or something because everyone who was there before isnt. They never get the order right. The drive thru has lines all the way out to the street. The place inside is disgusting. Im surprised theyve managed to keep that A grade. The play place is so filthy and it smells. I get it its where kids play but shit clean it up. The girl who takes your order inside or at the drive thru has an attitude problem. The one that hands you the food has an attitude problem. Then they get mad when you ask for an extra condiment. As if it came out of their pay check. I cant wait for the other one to open up down the street. I rather make the drive. Get it together.
Super slow!!! Been here x and they never get my order right!!! Will never come back here! I always ordered well done fries and I always get saggy fries that probably been sitting around for more than an hour. ~__~ I went to go to drive thru and the lady told me to wait  minutes at front parking lot minutes later still nothing so I decided to go drive at the drive thru. The lady told me to go back to the front and wait  minutes I told her Ive been waiting for  minutes. They so slow!!! And probably not even doing their job. I own the business across the street and they always waste my time. Today I asked for that Oreo mcflurry I think and they said Yes they have some so its cool then when I went to pay they told me Im sorry we dont have some at the moment and we will refund your money and you can take the rest of your order at the nd window ~__~ whoever the manager here for sure doesnt know how to manage. I hope mcdonalds pay attention to this location. They need better people inside!!!
Not a bad Mc Donalds as far as this chain goes. Ive visited this location multiple times. The food is hot and service is speedy. The staff is courteous.
Terrible McDonalds. Their food is always undercooked and cold. My co worker and I have gone there more than once the burger was cold so were the fries. We gave them the benefit of the doubt and went again and ordered nuggets and voila. Cold again! Dont come here unless you want your food cold and tasteless.
This place is dirty bunch of high school kids works here which they dont ?care about service
Came here because I had to feed my daughter and well we love McDonalds. So while waiting for my mom which I dropped her off at Valley Hospital I decided to go through the drive through. I ordered a kids meal and  big macs with extra sauce which I got charged extra for and Ive never been charged before. There were a few cars in front of me but it went by quick. I pull up to the window for my food and ask the guy at the window which toy they had as I always do. sad to say he didnt have much but one toy not even the special toy for kids under . So I get my food and go. When I get to the hospital I noticed I was not given the apple slices that come with the kids meal. WOW!! and this is why I will NEVER return to this location.
Went here after work for a quick Mickey D fix. I had order a  piece chicken nuggets meal. Sorry to say but I think it will be my last time here. Dont get me wrong the food tasted fine by my insides didnt think so.
The Mickey Ds breakfast vibe was strong in the work space and several of us were looking for some extra calories to fuel the early morning mental dash. ?Given there was four of us with one getting a meal for another be opted to go inside. ?Chaos an only describe the inside. ?The wait the ordering process the retrieval of food seemed very disorganized and confusing. ?When my order did pop up I did a quick cursory inspection of the two bags and was out the door. ?We orbited the drive-thru which is long and noticed it was full of cars. ?I was initially thankful we went indoors to make our orders. ?It was only when we arrived back at the office did I notice that I was not F&*%ed at drive-thru but F%$#ed in the interior. ?My order was wrong and.....I am ashamed to admit...I did not notice they did not give me my coffee no exclamation mark needed. ?And so began the internal debate with myself just whose responsibility was it to make sure I got my coffee? ?I then decided it was both mine and theirsbut mostly theirs. ?When I am starving in the morning from here on out I will just wait for lunch.
Upon my last visit ewww all I can say is ewwwwThese people at this location oh lord baby honey child they just give you cold fries. And old stale chicken nuggets they was hard like little rocks. The soda was missing soda or something it was sour. I wont ever go back to this location.. it smells funny and they looked all shocked when I asked for my money back. The outside of the bag was all wet and sticky ewwww! Thank goodness I carry hand sanitizer.
I have to strike this fast food venue from my normal few lunch spots for awhile. ?The last two visits have been a disappointment. ?My french fries were cold both times. ?I ordered a Premium Chicken wrap with crispy chicken last week and received grilled chicken. ?The receipt had it right so it was the line cooks who got it wrong. ?Today I ordered Chicken McNuggets as a combo. ?Again and as I said before cold fries. ?And I can guarantee the McNuggets werent fresh. ?I got my food before I even got my change. ?It had all been sitting there well before I ordered. ?Besides the food service was terrible. ?There was one lady taking orders and she was even making some of the food. ?It made for some very slow service during a very busy lunch hour. ?Rather than calling out an order or order number when ready she looked at my boss and said this is yours. ?How rude! ?There was a gentelman waiting for his food since before I walked in and was still waiting after I got mine. ?His wife took her sandwich back and said it was not fresh. ?She got a dirty look from the same rude cashier. ?I miss the days of the old manager whom I have not seen in a few months. ?He had the staff on their game.
When you need a fast bite breakfast lunch or dinner so you can hit the road this McDonalds is right off the  fwy on Charleston in the downtown area. It is clean no bad people and a fast drive thru. I gamble but not when it comes to fast and friendly McDonalds service. That is I like this one here.
I was not impressed with my visit this time to this location. Suprisingly it was by someone who is a shift manager who was working the window. How can you take my order over the speaker and still have a conversation with another employee? It took her several tries to get my order right!! Then when I get to the window she doesnt even say hi or tell me my total just puts her hand out for payment. As I gave her my card I asked her to please give me jelly and extra syrup and butter. All she did was smile when I said thank you. Took them a good  minutes to get my stuff as she was a way from window by the inside counters talking to employees. When she finally gave me my order I reasked that I got the jelly and syrup and she goes to reach to get some and then says OH its in the bag. Now I ordered Big Breakfast with Hotcakes and Bacon two sausage and egg mcmuffins hashbrown and a coke. When I got home I got everything BUT the HASH Browns!!!! I was to get two of them one with the Big Breakfast and the extra one I ordered. UGGG it was on my receipt. the name on the receipt stated KS #. So not right especially by someone in Management
I used to go to this one a lot when fast food was a regular staple in my diet in my s when my metabolism was faster and when exercise was not such a priority- this is one of the older ones in town. Recently we went through the Drive-Thru window for some fruit smoothies. There were a couple cars in front of us. Clear mike speedy checkout nice girls the correct order and great-tasting smoothies. We only go to McDs for a few things parfait cone and sometimes the breakfast sandwich and even then its pretty sporadic- maybe a few times a year because of the lifestyle changes we made since maintaining our weight.
I dont think this McD has ever been remodeled. Other than a badass painting of the McKingdom there was another thing hanging on the wall which was pretty much a quilt with like cactus cacti sewn in to it and there was another case that had a bunch of old pins and buttons and I dont think there was a pin that was made later than  or something. One was for McDonalds PizzaThis thing the painting was pretty badass though thats why I took the pic. Its like  x . I think it was dated . Which makes sense considering that Mayor McCheese is there and the McKingdom is there tooI swear that place has been forgotten in time. Not only did it have the vintage artwork but the soda fountain was probably from the s as well because the ice machine and sodas were completely separate machines and there was a pay phone outside but it wasnt right outside the store it was across the parking lot kind of in the bushes and had some weird phone company that I never heard of on it. Plus it had an electronic sliding door on the main entrance and the Play Place was outdoors and even had a sing that said Please Do Not Feed The Birds. Such a weird place. Its cool because it reminds of the way McDonalds was when I was a kid but its scary because its not intentionally retro it just never changed...Its quite the experience. Its like the Classic McDonalds on Flamingo .....but a different kind of classic.
I was kinda upset during my last visit here. Normally I pay using my debit card but on this occasion I had cash. So here comes the disappointment... As the cashier goes to hand me my change she drops some of it! Note Im in the drive thru so it is not easily retrivable. She then looks and shrugs here shoulders and kept it pushing! I looked like WTH?!?!?!? She didnt open the drawer and give me correct change nothing she dropped my change and kept it pushing! Ive never experienced this before. They have always corrected the change when THEY drop it. I mean she dropped it before I even put my had out the cat window. Im like come on now... I didnt drop it! Its not MY fault. Urgh! Anyways this experience was overall annoying and off putting!
I think that the preparation was a tad lacking. I used to work at a Mc Ds when I was in high school. It was the perfect job for a kid. ?Anyway my filet was lopsided. It was half way off the bun and my cheese was melted three quarters off the fish. The tartar was every where and my fries were all mushy. I cant expect much from a Mc Ds but goodness. There are some interesting folks who come in and out of here. THe awesome thing was that wall of the original Ronald Mc Donald and his lil side kicks. That was cool.
Employees here really take pride in their restaurant. ?They made sure the dining area was clean and their napkins and ketchup station was stocked up and clean. ?Well organized restaurant. ?Great job!
Breakfast with a view!There really is only one reason for you to go to a McDs on the strip... youre hungry andor drunk.As far as McDs go this is a pretty nice one! Clean and modern with a lot of staff working all the time.This place has one major perk though you get to watch people misbehaving while theyre drunk or on drugs! Seriously I had a blast!! It started with me arriving while the cops were handcuffing a junkie on the parking lot. The guy was talking to himself and shouting insanely funny random words at people purple melons anyone? And that wasnt all! There was a sweet old lady inside who was definitely schizophrenic having a lovely conversation with her other selves. And the guy cleaning the mensroom was asleep inside a cubicle with the door open! Loved it!
Approximately only one register open with  drunk people in line. The pick up here takes about  mins to get your food. The slowest McDonalds I been to. The dinning area isnt as clean. One thing the restaurant is very trendy and has free wifi. Its right next order to circus circus.. But your stuck with a bunch of drunk people being very loud and annoying. Be prepare for it! Restroom was very dirty!!
BEWARE!!!!! This Mcdonalds tows vehicles like nobodys business. Major scam going on at this location!!! My friends ALMOST got their car towed and THEY WERE EATING THERE!!!! They ran out as the ass hole tow guy was lifting it. Would not put it down even after we my friends said they were customers here. They havent eve finished their lunch yet!!!! The ass tow guy wanted $ CASH or he was towing it!!! Well they paid but after getting home they contacted corporate and got their money back!!! ?MCDONALDS...YOU NEED TO RETHINK WHO YOU HIRE AS YOUR TOW COMPANY. Franchise owner of this Mcdonalds.... you suck for letting this happen and pretending you dont know whats going on. You hired this tow company!!!!!! THEY ARE SCAMMING INNOCENT CUSTOMERS BIG TIME. ****Anyone having their vehicle towed wrongly needs to contact mcdonalds corporate and get their money back! ****
Beware of this Mcdonalds. You are constantly under surveillance in the parking lot. I parked my car had breakfast and then had to go drop something off to a friend. Within  min when I got back they had my car towed. WTF? Its like they are preying on peoples cars. It makes you never want to go to this McDonalds again.
Like all other McDonalds the service quality is going down the tubes. ?My son was getting a drink at the drink station when an older guy in his s was moping the floor and told me son to move it in a very mean and rude voice.I went to use the restroom and there was two toilets. ?One had a sign on the door that read Out of service. ?The other stalls door would not make a close connection. ?I really had to go but I did not care to have someone walk in on me when I am on the pot. ?I tried slamming the door shut but it would not make a connection. ?I told management about it but they seemed to busy to care of do anything about it.
They are making this the worst Vegas experience towing ?$ dollars for  minutes Why instead they dont have someone giving information Theyre making money attacking travelers
The only reason I came back is because they gave me free food after the fiasco from last night.
fast ?a little toooo fast
My wife and I went to this location after being at Circus Circus at approximately pm a Friday night. ?It was busy but not chaotic.You place your order at one end of the counter and pick up at the end of the counter.I ordered a Quarter pounder with cheese combo and asked to make it large. ?My wife simply ordered a small drink and a McFlurry. ?We specifically told the girl we were eating in. ?When our number was called our food was in a to go bag. ?I was also only given one small cup. ?When I asked where my large drink cup was I was informed that the combo which I paid extra for did not include a drink????The lady was wearing a white shirt and spoke very poor English. ?When I showed her my receipt where it said I had paid for a large Combo she told me I was mistaken. ?I then proceeded to go back to the cashier who had rung up my order and ask her what had happened. ?She informed me that I should have got a Large cup as well as small cup but the lady in the white was her Manager. ?I then asked to speak to another manager. ?The cashier then waited until the female manager went in the back and a male manager came up apologized and gave me my Large cup. ?????? ?He agreed that I was correct and that the cashier had rung up our order correctly but could not give me a reason as to why the female manager would not give me a Large cup.
Im usually very skeptical of fast food joints altogether ESPECIALLY McDonalds. But I was surprised at the huge size and grand design of the building. Lines were orderly service was quick and our food was unusually fresh and neat. And as always cheap as can be.By far the best McDonalds Ive been to. There are even TV screens up above that show aquarium video to keep us entertained.
If you stay at the Riviera Hotel across the street you are probably going to stop into this McDonalds for its Wifi.This McDonalds will have long lines late at night for hungry club goers. Sometimes the crazy drunk guests make for some great entertainment as you wait for your order. There will be a sparse amount of homeless but they dont seem to bother anyone.
We went to McDonalds on our way to Circus Circus. I remember eating at a horrible buffet at Circus Circus and didnt want to go there for breakfast.I would avoid this place on the weekends. It was too chaotic we went on a Saturday morning around am. We went a second time on a weekday and the lines were more manageable. The workers call your numbers when your order is ready. However there needs to be a better system. Our number wasnt called and our order was sitting on the counter for  minutes.Oh well. Cheap breakfast grub.
Beware! They rip out foreigners.I visited there last monday night and had the worst Vegas experience ever. The story is simple. I parked my car in their lot and had some Subway sandwiches at the next door. And got back to the McDonalds getting some deserts. Just after I left the door. My wife and I got shocked. They towed my car. It happened just in  minutes. Theres a sign saying  minutes parking for McDonalds customers ?I didnt do anything wrong.At the impound yard I met other victims from Germany. Theyre making money attacking travelers from outside US.
Sometimes you HAVE to have your McDonalds. ?Even when youre in the middle of a culinary Mecca.Apparently Im a sucker for grand openings and press releases blown way out of proportion because after reading about this new McDs location I made a point to come here during my vacation.Probably the nicest McDonalds Ive been to considering there was an employee constantly cleaning and offering to clear customers trays. ?Educational excerpts from the Discovery Science and Travel Channels on various flat screen TVs were a nice touch.We sat in the middle of the restaurant on bar stools surprise surprise...see my Blueberry Hill review attached to a huge counter...with fresh flowers! ?We were surrounded by the typical plastic booths but I did notice that seating areas near the restrooms offered both club chairs not sure if they were leather or pleather and a more private booth section.Not much to say about the food since a McNugget here is a McNugget anywhere. ?But at least I got my quarterly McDs craving out of the way...
I gotta give a shout out to this McDo!!! Staying at the Encore in Vegas... a bunch of girls lounging around in our PJs lagging on getting ready to hit up the clubs we started getting hungry but were pressed on time. With a list of everyones orders in hand two of my girlfriends and I took a cab in our PJs to the nearest McDonalds and ordered $ worth of food!!! I thought it was hilarious that we bought  pieces of chicken mcnuggets lol! The food came out fast and the only thing missing that we realized only after already being back in our hotel was a Vitamin Water... at least no one was missing a meal. So for that thanks McDo!
A nice central McDonalds with ample fountain drink dispensers for the visitors. Be aware of your surroundings here it attracts a few transient people. The WiFi provided by AT&T sometimes works just like their cellular reception so no surprise there. Im a frequent visitor here to grab drinks & work before visiting hotels. There are quite a few power plugs for laptops inside of the building.
I am not a fan of fast food. But sometimes a girls gotta eat late! I came here after my LONG flight from Honolulu and I was pretty darn hungry. They were out of Southwest salads but the bacon chicken wasnt bad. The salad was still fresh and the chicken was warm. I would go back if I ever had a late night McCraving!
I should have known better. I can count on one hand the number of times Ive been to McDonalds in the past ten years. However my choices were extremely limited so I thought Id give it another shot. This visit was a reminder why I dont come here. It totally sucked!. The staff was unpleasant.. The fries were room temperature.. The burger tasted vile.. I have no complaints about the diet Coke.Next time Ill just go hungry.
Worst McDonalds Ive ever been too! We ordered Mocha Frape a vanilla latte and  cookies and we waited for  mins and  wrong drinks after. But they gave us an extra drink because of it..
Was told at am that burgers arent made until pm by some chubby ogre latina.Stay in school kids.
So I love McDonalds breakfast and we were on our way to the convention center for the Heli-Expo and I ordered my usual of one bacon egg and cheese biscuit and one bacon egg and cheese McGriddle and they were great as usual. ?The service was also quick and good. I dont understand the people that complain about the service or food from McDonalds what do you really expect. ?Go somewhere else if you want better service or literally go anywhere else but dont complain you know what you are getting yourself into. ?After we sat down and got our food we noticed that one of the huge front windows was completely shattered. ?It actually looked really neat and then we asked what happened they said that someone shot it the night before. ? The other nice thing about this McDonalds is it has free Wi-Fi for all of its customers.
Please people if you are looking for a fast food to eat do not go to this place.  minute for a simple double cheese burger. Employees work slower then my grandma.
ILL HAVE ONE BREAKFAST MCMUFFIN HOLD THE GUNFIREIf youre in Vegas for an event at the Convention Center youll probably be up early enough for breakfast. If youre not there on work you might just want to sleep through this part of the day. McDonalds breakfast is not sold nearly long enough. I never make it there on time! How hard would it be to serve eggs all day?!! ?In any case this McDs is convenient to the convention center.We stopped here more than once on our last Vegas trip a couple months back. On one of the visits while dining in we noticed a bullet hole in the window from the night before. Someone probably mad about breakfast not being served all day is my guess.Service was good. Food was average. The coolest thing about this location was the deco. It was so modern inside. Clean and cool. I like that.
The WORST service Ive encountered in a McDonalds so far in the continental USA. No not because I dislike the food but because the employees here are IRRESPONSIBLE FORGETFUL and UNAPOLOGETIC. I overheard from one of my superiors that the staff at this particular McDonalds ALWAYS screws up orders EVERY time they come here. They will charge you for the wrong item leave out several items give Iced Tea instead of Iced coffee. When I was there I was the first one to order and I ordered the Skillet Burrito and some OJ. My OJ came out after  minutes but my food never came out. ALL OF MY co-workers ordered their food and their food came out and they were already seated and having their breakfast while Im still standing at the counter waiting for my burrito for a good  minutes. I finally lost my patience and ask the girl who rang me up where my Skillet Burrito was. She simply says Oh its run out we NO HA-VEH. I tell her So are you going to just stand there and do NOTHING?!?!?!?!? Thats when she asks me What do you want??? You want burrito!?? We only HA-VEH Sausage and Egg Burrito its ok? I say NO its NOT OK because Skillet burrito is MUCH more expensive than a Sausage and Egg Burrito!! Just give me two McGriddles...NO!!!! And so she did.PURE RETARDED OPERATIONS at this particular McDonalds. Will NEVER return to this McDonalds or even McDonalds in particular. Only reason we ate here was because we needed to grab a super quick breakfast before heading to the convention center.
Im a Mclover and I had no problemwith the workers. But I have a problem waiting more than  minutes for my cheeseburger. They werent even busy! This was my first and last time at this location.
Cold terrible cardboard on a bun trashy service homeless people drinking oz cans of Natural Ice inside the place!
This McDonalds is located just a couple of blocks from the hotel I stayed at in Las Vegas - an Embassy Suites Hilton property - therefore it is within walking distance There does not appear to be many businesses within walking distance of this hotel.Had a late lunch here around  pm. ?Ordered the # value meal Quarter Pounder w cheese medium fries and lemonade.Meal came up promptly was hot not greasy fries were crisp - all was good!Interesting note in order to use the restrooms - you have to let them know at the counter - and then they buzz you in - no physical key. Makes me wonder about the status of the surrounding neighborhood!There is also a large red DVD rental machine in the dining area of this Mickey Ds.
I agree with Douglas--this is one of the best McDonalds in Las Vegas. ?I stopped here for a quick ice cream last night and I was immediately impressed with the newness and nice design of the place.The staff took my order quickly and I was on my way to a table very quickly. ?The tables were clean and the restaurant was clean. ?I was really impressed!They have free wifi which is a nice bonus. ?If I need at break some day and Im in the area Ill definitely stop again.
Truly disgusting place.
This place sucked! I ordered a sausage mcmuffin and the cashier was slow in making it. She even forgot the harshbrowns that were included in the meal. Also the ketchup dispenser sprayed everywhere and went on my shirt. The most dumbest stupidest mcdonalds ive been to. Avoid this place if u want to eat at a mcdonalds restaurant. There are better mcdonalds places than this one.
Went here to get some cookies for a friend. The drive thru person Lamoni sucked and couldnt tell the difference from coffee to her asshole also a car broke down in the drive thru.
The service here was terrible. They got my breakfast order wrong three times each time with the same exact mistake. The morning ?cashier there dalia didnt even attempt to move a muscle to get me the right order. Food is just like any other mcdonalds service was the worst. Theres  others you can go to within a mile anyway
One of best McDonalds in Vegas always very clean great service  close to the Las Vegas Strip...
I try to steer clear of fast food when I can but sometimes they just sound so delicious or they are the most convenient to have. For instance the daughter was hungry and I was in a rush to get ready for an event and this McDonalds was across from SLS which at the day of our visit to McDonalds was not open yet and therefore did not have functional restaurants yet. We went through the drive thru and it was easy and manageable.This is a typical McDonalds with nothing to make them more memorable than other locations in a good or bad way. But if you are staying in the vicinity and in need of fast food do try them. Their drive thru is also open  hours so they are very convenient if you need calories late at night which happens a lot in Las Vegas go figure!. Overall not a bad McDonalds.
Fast food typically just is what it is but this particular McDonalds was awful.The service was terrible ?the cashier had an attitude not only with me but pretty much every customer that came through her line in the  minutes I waited to get my food basic big mac & fries nothing special. She forgot to give me my drink and when I asked her for it she tried to give me the size below what I ordered. When I asked for the right size she practically insisted I take the smaller one. Then when my order was up and I asked for ketchup she rolled her eyes and acted like I was making her go so far out of her way to reach under the counter. Then when I went to the fountain to get my drink there were small bugs flying all around it.Best part was when I got back and ate my food and realized that my fries were cooked in the same fryer the do the fish in. Pretty sure those are supposed to be separate. Threw those out so ended up not needing the ketchup anyways. Definitely do yourself a favor and go to a different location.
This is the absolute worst McDonalds I have ever been to in my entire life! This place was filthy. Nearly every empty table was littered and in our  minutes there no one came to clean the dining area. Owner should be ashamed and management fired!
Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonalds l have ever been to.Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.
Worst service I have ever experienced. I know what can I expect coming from a fast food but still. First at drive thru I asked for sauce and he gave them to me with no hesitation. He drops a sauce and I ask for another one and he replies with a smart attitude Im suppose to charge you for these but Im not and you still want more? ... If I was going to be charge I would have liked for him to tell me from the beginning. I have no problem paying for sauce Im going to use. Besides bad people skills I got my order wrong.... Not once not twice... But  times. And on the th time It was still wrong but I was beyond over it!
I was craving a chocolate milkshake a few days ago so this was the nearest mcdonalds that was in my travel route. I decided to go thru drive thru and full fill my cravings. I also got nuggets and fries.....now here is the worst. My fries were OLD not even recooked old they were old as in they sat there for more than an hour they tasted like yesterdays fries . Chewy bland rough  cold and disgusting. My nuggets were old and my milkshake gave me the worst stomach ache. May I add the cashier or mgr shirt was filthy at the bottom . Like she was washing dishes and cleaning the grill or broiler whatever it is they have. Then she was handling the food ......yuck! Clean your clothes ! I felt like it was run by homeless people and the manager in charge of this restaraunt is not following mcdonalds standards ..Ive had better.
extremely terrible service. They couldnt get my order right the first time like seriously how hard is it to get a couple sandwiches right!!
Worst McDonalds ever...tweekers spare changing freely some lady threatened to beat another ladys ass following her around yelling dirty drink area etc. The building looks good as the only good point. Ill never return to this location if I can avoid it!
Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas.As said before coffee was warm at best my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!
So Im not usually one to fuss pretty laid back so if something bothered me then well....bravo. This mcdonalds isnt in the greatest area I cant fault the employees for that. I can expect that they get some shady characters and they sometimes you have to handle them a little bit more aggressively. Like tonight customer causing a minor disturbance and was rude and the girl which appeared to be a manager of some sort was behind the counter and got upset naturally of course she went and handled the customer. Waited for him to come out of the bathroom just waiting there while customers including myself were in line. Ok I get it go handle the customer go on with your bad self and handle the shituation. Yes I said shit-u-ation. I get it go handle the stupid idiot. But when theres a line of customers waiting for service you would think you would get someone to cover you instead us waiting  minutes or ATLEAST a simple apology saying Im sorry Ill be right with you instead she was cursing and mumbling under her breath. OH and she proceeded to follow him outside let it go! He left! So another employee finally started taking orders only after telling me she was already clocked out! Unprofessional. Like come on handle the idiot but dont act like one. Rant over. Oh....and my fries are good.
This is the ONLY fast food restaurant this specific location in the history of fast food restaurants that has delivered a grilled chicken sandwich that actually looks like the item on the menu instead of a smashed piece of baby food. Amazing. Its McDonalds so... eh its okay not my favorite. But yeah  stars for delivering a product that looks like the advertisement.
Mixed up order forgot fries. ?Crispy chicken instead of grilled. ?Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.Cash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...
I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty. ?This was an easy inout option for me from Sahara. ?I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about  minutes.This is one of the remaining early style McDonalds outlets and theres a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.Looking through the windows I could see the interior is also the classic design. ?Ill have to go back and sit inside. ?Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?
Out of the thousands of restaurants in Vegas I had to pick a McDonalds...Well its a cheap eat. Its right across the Sahara Hotel and its design is like one of those classic type McDonalds back in the s just like Scott D. said below. There is nothing special about it. I had gone through the drive-thru at pm. I was a little scared since there was people playing music loud and just hanging around suspiciously. I had to wait - minutes for the lady to get back to me on the speaker. It wasnt even crowded inside.Anyways I ordered  McDoubles $ each  Hot N Spicy $ each  Bottle Water $ each and  Apple Pies  for $ and a Large Iced Tea $ each no matter of the size or type of drink. My total was $..Nothing special about this place besides the classic car who probably has been waiting for service since forever. Oh well what can you do in the city of sin?!Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
st to Review-How can this be? A CLASSIC McDonalds @offthestrip at Paradise RdSahara Ave behind the Sahara Casino!Coolest thing about this location is their collection of McDonalds Happy Meal Toys and the s style look & feel.They have a s Chevy out front for taking photos.Unfortunately the same boringtasteless food.
Food is good as always. Cool design outside and single golden arches make this a cool spot to hit up after the club or gambling on the strip.
Wow this place was so good after the night was over! There is always so much walking on the strip and being in club attire and dress boots I was so happy to sit on their un-cushioned seats and eat my big mac and fries.Service was quick and food was typical Mcdonalds.Air conditioned and yummy. Most satisfying Mc Ds Ive had!
I would never usually review a McDonalds but heres why this place rules $ for a  pack of Chicken McNuggets at am. When everything else in the food court was closed we had this trusty option which ended up being our go to. I couldnt imagine how extra hungover I wouldve been each morning without this grease. An alternative to overpriced breakfast at the buffet at the hotel. A quick way of grabbing something for less than $ when not needing a full meal during the day. stars for that!
I cannot give a  or  star rating for any junk food place such as McDonalds. Their food is not fresh but frozen so really the only rating aside from food is the cleanliness staff etc.This place is packed and understaffed. It was about midnight and I could see  people working behind the counter making the food. The manager was doing her best to keep the food coming out of the kitchen but clearly was short handed. Napkins were empty and floors were sticky.The food even tasted worse by McDonalds standards. Just not a good experience.I come to McDonalds for emergencies only.
I was thirsty and decided to get a drink. ?McDonalds is the best place to get something cheap especially when youre on the strip.
I needed a quick breakfast before catching my flight back to new york. This McDonalds was located inside my hotel in the food court section. I ordered my orange juice sausage biscuit some pancakes and on my way I went. ?It was a bit of a wait but my order was complete and the food was ok.
No Hot Mustard 
Was a busy day I didnt have time for a healthy lunch. I saw a Mcdonalds so I decided what the heck im in a hurry and I m kind of hungry. My order took forever I didnt go thru the drive thru as I dont trust them my fries were medium warm as was my burger I didnt have time to wait for another order so I left I was dissatisfied with my order but it was a Mcdonalds after all.
Just an unpleasant experience. I live here in Las Vegas and will often take family to the Strip when they come to town. We were looking for a late night bite to eat and decided on McDonalds since it was right in the hotel. The servers were incredibly rude. My aunt had only asked if they were serving smoothies and the girl behind the register rolled her eyes and responded with an attitude. After receiving our food I had asked another employee where I could find straws. She intentionally ignored me upon my first attempt to get her attention. When she finally turned around after talking to her friend she acted as if I was burdening her.Maybe Im expecting too much from a fast food place on the Strip but I feel that if you are working in customer service you should be providing customer service not acting as if you are still in high school and hanging onto that angsty teenager we all have inside us.
The oatmeal was good. The fruit was crisp and the raisins plump. The sweet tea was fresh.
I work in the area and have eaten here several times. I can attest to the fact that this is one of the worst McDonalds to eat at.You can at least be sure of consistent service. Consistently lousy. Consistently noisy and consistently dirty.Only eat here as a last resort
This is by far the worst service I have ever had in any fast food restaurant.Now I understand that working fast food isnt easy but having a burger tossed at me was the end of the line. Enough said so upset that I tossed right back at the rude ass lady behind the counter. If you can wait a couple more feet there are way more options than this pile of dump. The only thing worse than having to walk through the Excalibur is walking by that stink hole.
On Christ almighty here it goes. If I am going to eat overpriced McDonalds in a casino I better get what the hell I want to eat. This place is so pitiful just thinking about it makes me angry. I dont even know where to start! Besides Starbucks and Krispy Kreme this is your only option for late night eats at The Excalibur. Here it goesVisit # Fool me once...shame on you.My husband and I head to the room early our first night in Vegas because we were tired after a long drive. After watching some TV my husband said he wanted a little something from our local McDonalds. I was not really hungry but I was craving a little something sweet so I asked him to get me a McFlurry and to call me and tell me what kind they have. He calls and they have Oreo M&M and Butterfinger. YUM! I want Butterfinger I exclaimed! He hangs up and calls back about a minute later to break the news to me that they are out of Butterfinger. That wouldve been useful info to have when he first asked! So I ended up with Oreo. He comes back and I take a bite of my McFlurry. For those who may not know a McFlurry is soft serve icecream mixed with whatever topping you get. How do you possibly mess that up? Messing up a McFlurry is equal to the stupidity of burning cornflakes! There is no excuse. I took one bite and threw it away. The icecream was warm and the oreo chucks were stale. NASTY! My husbands burger and fries turned out ok at least. Visit # Fool me twice....shame on me. After some late night gambling I was hungry and did not feel like searching for late night eats so I ventured into this hell hole again. I figured since I was getting regular food this time it would be ok. The customer service of this place is atrocious. You are pretty much the only  hour operation that offers more than donuts and coffee so change your attitude. My husband had a sweet tooth this time and wanted a McFlurry. Dun Dun Dun! I order my food and ask for a Oreo McFlurry and the guy behind the counter proceeds to tell me that the icecream machine is locked. Excuse me? WTF? I call my hubby and tell him and he is most displeased. After two minutes of straight ?cursing he asks for chocolate chip cookies they have none. The only had oatmeal raisin which I can only describe is the asshole of cookies. So literally they have no good desserts. So my poor baby goes without what he wants. We are not doughnut fans so Krispy Kreme is not really appealing. After that I was done with that place for good!If you are ok with McDonalds go to the one at The Luxor. You will probably get better service. We shouldve. ?If you want something better venture into NYNY into America cafe which is open  hours and for the same price you can get some decent food and service.
This is a lousy McDonalds. So slow. So surly. Once you finally get the food it doesnt even seem to matter anymore.
Horrible service!! Not friendly at all. I asked for a couple of sauces they told me I would have to pay  cents! What happened to customer service? Worst mcdonalds I have been too. Cheesy move on their part. Giving them one star is being generous
This place is a joke! Its disgusting enough of a fact that the only thing to eat at Excalibur between the hours of  and  is McDonalds Starbucks and Krispy Kreme. But then to be forced to go to McDonalds and find this pitiful excuse of an establishment instead.... for shame. The first night they ran out of Butterfinger topping for a McFlurry. The second night they claimed their ice cream machine was locked. Not broken.... but locked. WTF is that?!?! If you are the only late night eatery available you better have all your menu items available because I have a bit of a sweet tooth. This place is a joke... do yourself a favor and walk across the footbridge to New York New York and eat at America their late night cafe.
The McDonalds chronicles.Hooray for free refills.I just want a bite to eat make my daughter happy. not spend a lot of money and drink as much soda as I can quenching my thirst is the dry air. ?The McDonalds doesnt charge that much of a premium. ?The place is clean and is a good affordable rest before putting the feet down back on the strips concrete.
This McDonalds is located inside the Excalibur hotel and was one of the worst experiences Ive ever had at a Mickey Ds. We wanted a quick breakfast at around  a.m. so my friend decided to grab some for us to bring back to the room before heading out for the day. He ended up waiting over  minutes in line to get  egg Mcmuffins and coffee and I had to wander out of the room to see what the hold up was. There was also no dollar menu available when we were there so we ended up paying the $ for a greasy sandwich. By the time we got the food back to the room it was cold but at least the coffee stayed warm.
This McDs wasnt too bad. Not too busy when we went to grab some late breakfast. You cant beat the dollar menu either. $ salad from there is nutritionally equivalent to eating something from Quiznos which my friend had in the food court and hated at a fraction of the price.
Yes this is a McDonalds...Yes McDonalds hasnt been all that ever since they got rid of their Angus Deluxe and Premium Chicken sandwiches... Ive tried the Quarter Pounder...no mayo no cheese... and its just not the same. Although the food here is better than at any other McDonalds location that Ive tried.But its not the food that gives this location four stars. During the summer months it turns into a sobering uphook up spot for drunk half naked female Ditch Fridays patrons... Its the best eye candy youll find at a Micky Ds.
This is probably the worst McDonalds ever.. They dont know what theyre doing at all! Ice cream machine is always broken customers always waiting food always takes forever even with + people in the kitchen... I dont understand why theyre still open.
Nasty ass restaurant. Burnt ass chicken nuggets and the dumbasses working didnt want to give me new ones.
Just left here. Screwed up my order  times. When I was the only customer there and then giving me attitude because I kept returning with wrong items. You work at McDonalds. You punch a button and you read the screen . Yet you still manage to screw up a b-fast sand which lol..  times. The art of fast food baffles me. Totally makes me lose hope in humanity. We actually left threw the McDonald out and ?went to Burger King and they screwed up there too but just once... Still hungry.
Couldnt get a chocolate-dipped cone because they shut off the ice cream machine at midnight. WTF?!
This is for the McDs inside the Palms Food Lobby.  Chicken Nuggets for  dollars. Thats all you need to know. Six Stars.
I had only eaten at  McD previously in my life but Zak R got me to try the hash browns here and I have to admit they are delicious. Cinnamon buns were no Cinnabuns but surprisingly fluffy and yummy.
bleh-bad mcdonalds food.slow service.and never get orders right. ever.
Im definitely a fan of this McDonalds tucked on the side of a Terribles gas station and convenience store. ?Before its gone I had to get one of their seasonal egg nog shakes.I drove here from Wally World and parked directly in front of the door. ?There were a few people at the drive through and a few inside the McDonalds itself.The counter person came quickly and took my order. ?I paid and stood aside while she made the shake. ?It was quickly given to me and it was good. ?One of my few thats a joke bad holiday habits.I was soon on my way happily sipping this sweet goodness and already plotting to stop for just one more before theyre gone.
Idiot at the counter forced me to buy a quarter pounder with cheese because he didnt understand what buy one get one ANY large sandwich meant. - and the picture happened to show a pic of a quarter pounder. Yet also says valid for product of equal or lesser value...so twice exhibiting that you can buy any large sandwich and get one free. See picture attached to review. star
Stopped in in the early morning hours knowing full well I would need some serious calories for the hours ahead. ?I walked throughout he Terrible Herbst TH which this location is connected to. ?No line inside I was told someone would be with me shortly. I waited and waited some more. ?I made eye contact with the white shirt ?I believe this was the HMFIC because they were dressed differently then everyone else. ?The HMFIC failed to smile back. ?I went into HM Hater Mode and walked out. ?I made my purchases at TH and punched out. ?I reevaluated my time line for the morning and decided....I needed calories. ?I rolled into the drive-thru and made my purchase quickly and efficiently. ?The chow was exactly as McDs does....A-OK.
Im drunk I come here and order a hot and spicy  sub The mannaise ?with Mac sauce and  breakfast burritos. Tell me why I didnt get any hot and spicy??? What the fudge???
Worst McDonalds I have ever been to. I never write bad reviews but I have to let this one out. I keep coming back because its the closest to me and Ive been hoping that eventually they will get my order right but Ive gotten to the point where I would drive  miles for a better service. I had to drive back three times for one order one night the drive thru takes forever the staff never takes the right order and the food is always hit or miss. Its pretty ridiculous. I dont expect  star service from McDonalds but damn this place has driven me CRAZY!!! Good luck all.
Quarter pounder was really dry and bun was like a cardboard. Had to wait for workers to stop playing around in the back so someone could refill our sweet tea because they we out at the refill station. Only gave it one star because the place was clean.
This place is infamous for having a rude cashier and not having things in stock. Complaints to management here go on deaf ears. I go out of my way to go to the one on Durango cause of so many bad experiences here- this location really gives the brand a bad name!
I love McDonalds... Duh but Im eating my mcchicken and the bun is hard which usually happens after pm anyways! Oh well I also ordered Big Mac and  pc. Chicken nugget... When we got to the window I asked for various sauces including an Asian sauce but the guy at the window took total offense and copped an attitude with me. He asked if I meant sweet chili sauce?? I felt like I may have upset him for some reason but we are all ppl and I wouldnt have been insulted if he asked me for white sauce!! LoL so I said sorry and that I meant the Kung pao sauce. But he said that didnt exist and was a dick! Im glad I didnt ask for gay sauce. Ha! Dude come on. Ppl r ppl. It is what it is!!
No milk for the coffee. Only cream. No wonder everyone is fat. Get my coffee and its half full. Awesome. All in all all Micky Ds in Vegas suck.On a side note the new oatmeal is pretty damn good.
HOW SAD! If you yelpers dont give Mcdonalds  stars you are on crack this place is Gods gift to the world! Long live the Big Mac!
About as average as your local McDonalds can be. ?This one is right up middle alley not great but not spectacular either. ?I just find it surprising the skinny-richie-constant work-outie people up here in Summerlin keep this place busy! ?I mean literally not even a block away is Lifetime Fitness! ?That place is hardcore.Food = OK. ?Service = OK. ?Fast and efficient as a colonoscopy. ?Really nothing of greatness at this McDonalds. ?Really run of the mill. ?We often visit this location if we are staying in the nearby Red Rock Casino. ?Although I would suppose this location stays steadily busy is in part because of the tourists that stay at the Red Rock as well and want cheap eats while on vacation. ?Gotta make up for all those lost wages!Newest thing at McDonalds is their health-conscious Egg White Delight McMuffin. ?Definitely a healthier take on their breakfast menu. ?And yes I fell for that damn $ coupon conveniently stuck to my McDonalds bag and tried one. ?Myself being a bit of a health nut cant complain. ?This egg white creation is pretty tasty. ?Grilled egg whites Canadian bacon eh? and white cheddar all on a toasted English muffin? ?All for only  calories? ?Yeah for a dollar I really liked it. ?But at the regular price of almost $? ?I would have probably passed. ?With coupon for $ and a $ coffee it made for a nice meal on the small scale of economy. ?I almost ALMOST added a $ hash brown. ?Luckily I passed and decided to save my money & calories for later.Other than that I think majority of people around the world know what McDonalds offers on their menu. ?If you dont dang you must be living under a rock? ?Or possibly a place where there is no McDonalds within your vicinity like under a rock.
I went to this location a couple of weeks ago. This is how my visit wentI pulled in the drive thru a few minutes before am just in time for breakfast. I was the only person in the drive thru so I pulled right up to the menuI waited for someone to take my order at the speaker but no one said anythingFinally an employee with an headset walked out of the back room of McdonaldsI figured this was because the order speaker was broken or somethingBut no the employee walked over and flipped the menu from breakfast to lunchtimeI was thinking in my head .... whaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?Keep in mind my car is right there Im obviously waiting to order.Then the employee turned around and walked back into McDonaldsThen someone started taking my order over the speakerI ordered my breakfast items. which they informed me they were no longer serving. I was thinking in my mind do you not think I just saw you walk out and turn the menu I mean my car was like  feet away from youAnyway I was craving breakfast so I let them know I wanted to cancel my orderI was told the breakfast hours were overThen ... magically ... like a Christmas Miracle they had breakfast for me.Truth is I was willing to leave McDonalds with out my breakfast food. I have a rule for myself. I never fight with people that make my food behind closed doors. Yea maybe paranoid but sadly its a reality. So I was completely polite about canceling my order. I do believe they did the right thing by offering me these breakfast items. Where i find the problem is the simple lack of customer service. That conversation of them no longer serving breakfast was one we should have never had. Implying that my order was an inconvenience when clearly It shouldnt have been. So then i went back a few days later because Im the type that gives second chances and they missed a few items that I had ordered. Meaning I ordered them saw it on the drive thru order menu screen paid for it and it wasnt in my bag when they gave me my order.Yea this is a long review I would honestly be surprised if someone read down this far. Props to you if you have. But the whole reason behind it is that I am just super tired of getting terrible customer service and paying for food that I dont get. The reason this review is only  star is because I have given this place multiple visits and keep coming up with the same problem. Bad customer service.
They advertise drive thru open  hours but apparently close. Im not sure the exact time but both times I went there was around am. There were no signs saying they were closed so I sat there for a few minutes in the drive thru. Then I said hello? Twice then someone responded saying we will reopen at am. I was really ticked off because I wasted my time and gas. I will no longer go there.
Ive been to this drive through  times. I order simple things like a Big Mac meal or a couple burgers and fries. Yet some how they have never gotten my order correct. Today I ordered two hamburgers and fries. My hamburgers were damp and had pickled jalape??os instead of regular pickles. Not sure if this was a bad prank by the young staff or just a shitty burger that was made by someone who doesnt know the difference.Also their drive through is always packed and people line up into the adjacent albertsons parking lot and road. Come on fatties.... At that point park and walk in.
Seriously this probably was the least friendly McDonalds ever. ?Other than asking for our order which was  coffees they didnt say anything to us when we went to the drive-thru window or when we picked up the coffees. ?Not one word. ?We said thank you at each window.Will not go back to this McDonalds for anything.
Be careful! ?I ordered an iced drink @ the drive thru. ?The guy @ the second window never said hi or thanks. ?I thought my drink was just wet on the outside. ? Within minutes my ?plastic cup was sticky. ?By the time I got home my hands were sticky as well as my steering wheel shifter window controls. ?It was a lot of work getting myself & the car cleaned. ?I called the local office. ?All she said was that she was sorry & she would tell them to wipe off the glasses. ?She did not offer to have a manager call me &or send me a gift card.I emailed corporate. ?All I have received is a form email ?back. ?Its been  days. ?I think I will stick wiced-tea lemonades @ Coffee Beans & Tea Leaves. ?Bye MacDonalds!
This is the nd closest McDs to my house. The closest one is so inconsistent that I come to this one more often. The drive thru can be long ?and they often run out of cinnamon melts but the food is at least the way I ordered it and hot when I get it. The inside is clean and a mad house during breakfast time. All in all a decent location.
Came to this McDonalds Friday  forgot to check in though lol!! Anyways McDonalds is suppose to be a family joint right?! especially when they have the playland well how is it that this place knowing people come with kids off all ages NOT have a changing table in the restroom???? Unbelievable!! I will say though at least this place is clean and nice but what I dont like is that they dont have a ketchup dispenser they just have ketchup packets I personally dont like that all.
If only this had a zero stars option. This was by far the most disgusting McDonalds I have ever been to. Do not go here. Not a single table was clean. There was trash all over the floor. Not a single customer service person smiled. There were no lids there was no ketchup there were no straws there were no napkins. I asked the manager to please replenish the napkins and lids and things like that and I please clear off an area for us and she ignored me. They messed up multiple peoples orders. Just dude was horrible. It is the first time I have ever had a Big Mac and not liked it. The French fries were stale. The hamburgers were thin and hard. There were dead flies on the floor and flies flying around the restaurant. This place needs to be shut down.
Micky Ds should all be the same but this one in the  plus year Ive been going there has about the most stand offish unfriendly people ever. It starts from the top so I guess the owners just dont care if there employees are unfriendly.
I would have given this  stars if not for the fact that the chucklefuck drive thru staff randomly leaves work at  when it closes at  and when they are working do some fucked up things.Example I had lost my job my wife and my car and a friend of mine picked me up on the side of the road but not before I was forced to suck a dick for the $ that would give me the moolah to afford a single pleasure in this meaningless world a medium fry from THE KING of fast food Ronald Firecrotch McDonald. We drove to this establishment as it was nearest to the drug den that I had just left. Purple haze ringing in my nostrils and Nickelback blaring from the Hummer H behind me I ordered my delicacy. Upon arriving at the window I was shocked to find that the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to people who were born sideways with three umbilical cords wrapped around their extra chromosome. Good job being progressive giants McDonalds. UNFORTUNATELY this coke bottle glasses-wearing invalid decided to give me a man with nary a possession to his name a medium fry trapped indecently in a complex puzzle box constructed from bags that had clearly formerly hosted the cursed sperm sample that grew his hairy greasy ass in a test tube in Santa Monica. I was speechless but since I couldnt afford a drink a fire in the hole was not possible and I had to suffice with a middle finger held aloft by my comrade in my defense against this venerable Smaug of the culinary industry. Never again.  is in my heart today and tomorrow and the next day but after that idk seriously.
Ive been through in on a number of occasions and have never had a problem.Food is typical Mcdonalds and its always hot so nothing to complain about here. The drive through is usually fast. As for whether or not the staff is friendly I usually go here early in the morning so I really dont care. Im not friendly myself in the morning LOL ? ? So as long as my order arrives promptly and they dont talk much and my coffee is hot ?Im good with it.
Yes...it has come to this. ?I only feel compelled to write this review because I work nearby and I visit this McDonalds at least once a week. ?I admit I am a Dollar Menu addict. Where else can you get reasonably full for less than $ for lunch. Nevermind the guilt and dangerous chemicals.Anyway the set up of the drive through makes for a real pain during peak lunchtime hours. This McDonalds is situated in a busy shopping center right next to a Starbucks Del Taco Albertsons Bank of America and other shops. Things get rather congested and hard to maneuver. ?However as McDonalds goes it is fine. The service is usually friendly and prompt although the new guy they have in the drive thru is a *tad* too chatty! and they havent messed up my order. ?Freshness and hotness varies however.
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to by far. I cannot think of enough bad things to say about their service.The Food is standard McDonalds fair but they did not give us our drinks with creamer our order was wrong the food oatmeal came without enough spoons for the orders count we had to go back  times for all sorts of condiments and they dish em out reservedly like their lives depend on it.They do not seem to understand foreign accents and this is Las Vegas seriously if you are going to run a shop in a tourist town you might as well be prepared for it.
Maybe its just me but it seems like the staff at this location isnt all that friendly.
I stop here now and then as its the closest to where I live. ?Customer service used to be awful but ti seems like theyve gotten a bit better. ?Today I got a side salad and a shamrock shake. ?Everything was A-OK!
My least favorite fast food place but my daughters favorite so we make the appearance every now and then. ?McDonalds has the best kids meals and playplaces so for my seven year old this is a great place. ?Love the apple slices and much smaller fry bags for the kids.The sundays are good and the recently added smoothies are great. ?Very disappointed in the new popcorn style chicken. It is worse than KFCs popcorn chicken was before they made larger pieces. ?In fact most of my box was just fried coating with little or no chicken. ? ?As fast food places go I find McDonalds the most consistent in quality and taste. ?I love their breakfasts and the chicken nuggets are still the best. ?Avoid the angus burgers. ?They are not as good as advertized.
If you are thinking WTF? dont worry I am too. Yes I am writing a review of McDonalds. As a child I was a fiend for their french fries. If we were within -yards of the spot I could smell those suckers and break into tears with FF desire. Fast-forward to today and I cant remember the last time I ate food from McDonalds. Ice cream cones dont count and neither do desperate breakfasts on the road with a band. However two things. This location has a -hour drive thru.. They now have smoothies! When its midnight and you want a smoothie what do you do? Consider ordering a Wild Berry or Mango-Pineapple from Mickey Ds. They are cold refreshing and tangy. All in all a decent smoothie. I dont think it will kill you. It hasnt killed me yet but Ive only had a total of  smoothies.
After yet another night of insane Vegas partying - and enjoying alcohol a-flowin - we got the munchies. Where did we decide to go? When its late and you want something cheap and easy insert favorite jokes here very little tops fast food.We drove to a random McDonalds with a KFC next door - FYI there are a LOT of them between the Strip and Red Rock our hotel. At the drive-thru we placed an order for large fries and  Chicken McNuggets.When we went to get our food we were told they were out of large fries - how does that happen??? - and were given hash browns as a substitute. Since it was between three and four in the morning we didnt press the issue.Anyway the McNuggets were piping hot fed us and I have no idea what happened to those hash browns. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right?
They didnt even deserve the  star I gave them. We went to this McDonalds and ordered some food. The food was good but I had some power tripping Mgr. Tell me and my son that we couldnt fill my Starbucks cup up with water....when I asked why she said because of cross contamination..... now keep in mind this is a self service soda ?machine so that argument doesnt really fly since everybody using the machine is cross contaminating it. ?This women poked my hand out of the way.....Im like really women.....I left....and she says in a sarcastic tone....God bless you....Im like he already has.... Get a life women!
I like this particular McDonalds. Service is generally fast and courteous and Ive never had a problem the many times Ive been here. I usually order the number  meal and its always prepared the way its supposed to be.
This place really is hit or miss on the service.The food cheap thats why you go here. Period.The service Like I said on & off. Sometimes they mess up. Theyre busy.. Cause of that heaven sent dollar menu. Love hate relationship guys.Updates Theyve got smoothies & I love me some Mango Pineapple. Yum! DI would rate only  stars but it keeps the th cause its down the street. I know stupid reason. Well shut it & write your own review... please. LOL.
This McDonalds needs help...I used to travel alot and Mcdonalds was always the go to fast food restaurant for us. Always consistant food and fast convenient service.This branch is a very poorly run store. The last few times I have gone thru the drive thru the man taking the order was very rude. the same person i think.. Could not seem to awnser any questions or be polite in any such way. And the food was sub par.Two nights ago we went to grab a quick snack wrap.. We were greated by a big man who had a very poor attitude. I thought maybe he was just having a bad night?? As we pulled to the counter to grab our order a car from the drive thru went around us to leave. He actually yelled at the man who takes orders that he needed to learn how to treat customers. I then knew that the rudeness that was suspected was not just my imagination.. Tonight was the absolute last time I will ever go here.. We went thru the drive thru around  AM and for some reason the man who normally takes the order said that they would be closed for  minutes for a break??? This is supposed to be a  hour location. I wasnt sure if he said  or  minute break so I asked him when they would re-open to have him yell  back in the headset? Some seriously bad service. I will pass the word on that this location has inconsistant food and horrible service. The management at this fast food branch should be fired as well as the employees who seem to think that yelling at customers and treating them poorly is okay to do.
Good service but drive thru is slow! ?When I pick up breakfast for the office- this is usu the place- but just to warn every I think going in is faster- but if you have a big order you may get the stink eye from the other customers- just pretend to read the newspaper- or cont yelping to avoid eye contact!
I must say that I had a smoothie here when they came out months ago and they are horrible and way too sweet. Sonic has better ones and McDs obviously doesnt use real fruit. Even at midnight this is not the best sweet tooth option. Wait there is a positive. Using my - coupon I tried the new Strawberry Frozen Lemonade and yes like the commercials indicate it is tart and sweet. These would be a better option to cool you down at $. for a small. The strawberry syrup at the bottom might be the same they use on sundaes but who knows for sure. McDonalds comes out with new stuff every month but in the beverage department frozen lemonade is king.
Small but clean. Staff is rude. Remember the show Seinfeld instead of a soup nazi the woman maybe the manger is a condiment nazi.
McDonalds has not the best reputation but this has been the worst fast food experience of my lifetime.Besides waiting  minutes for a Big Mac I witnessed a customer treatening to hit a member of staff. I am not sure what happened as I only arrived when the customer said he would hit him later and then left.Then staff members began shouting at each other about using each others cashier machines. It was so obvious that the staff were untrained and completely unprofessional. The manager seemed to have lost control and was berating staff in front of other customers.
Food is good but staffservice is HORRENDOUS. Every single time I go there they mess up my order in my opinion they need to hire all new staff. And when I complained I got attitude from the manager. Worst McDonalds.
An A-OK McDonalds... if youre leaving the Strip and need to stop by McDonalds for some breakfast or quick lunchdinner this is a decent place to stop by. The seating is a bit strange as theyve replaced the normal tables and benches with what looks to be an attempt for a more modern look... but it makes the seating a bit uncomfortable. The food tastes like standard McDonalds food and the staff were generally nice.
Not the best youll find but not the worse either. ?Im here for the vanilla shake. ?Nice Harley-Davidson theme inside not sure what the connection is. ?And Im really here for some International tid-bitsLets try Austria.McDonalds launched two noodle offerings in Austria in . ?This was a world premiere to test consumer demand for the Asian dish.McNoodles went on sale at its Austrian restaurants in a test set to last two to three months.The meals feature noodles with vegetables chicken salad and either sweet-and-sour or curry sauce and will cost around . euros $..The company said it hoped to tap a trend toward noodle dishes and show off its ability to innovate by launching the products which it will import from Thailand.Three-quarters of the products sold by McDonalds Austria are developed locally and the latest experiment was prompted by the growing popularity of noodle dishes there.U.S.-based McDonalds has  restaurants in Austria that generated sales of  million euros last year.
Came here on a short re-feul from gambling all nightmorning - breakfast never tasted so good that I can remember.Bottomline it seemed pretty clean in here. Its a McDonalds.
I wouldnt give any stars if I could. We were in line through the drive-thru for  minutes. The lady asked us what we wanted and we started to order then all of a sudden she says Hold on. Couple pulled up behind us then someone pulled up in the nd lane. The drive-thru lady asked the nd lane How may I help you? We waited a little longer to see if anyone would help us but NO ONE DID!!! So we drove through and went to Wendys instead. SCREW YOU MCDONALDS!!!
Rude staff and cold fries! I would have given one star but the inside looks nice. Modern and clean. My friend was told she could get iced coffee with her meal with no extra charge then was charged $ extra.
Where do I start... Oh yeah. The people watching at this place is wonderful. The abundance of tweekers and crackheads is amazing. With that aside its a Mcdonalds! Thats all I have to say about the food. The service was not good at all  the staff seemed overwhelmed with a small lunch rush. My order was missing a hamburger  the main part of one of the meals I ordered an apple juice part of a kids meal and cup for one of the drinks. They did fix it quickly. Oh there was an employee in the dinning area making the floor super sticky  I think she was mopping with a mop bucket that had cleaned up a spilled soda just a guess so that was nice. So I would definitely would not recommend you try this particular McDonalds. ?In and out its just across the street.
Very slow taking the order and giving me the order when it was done. It was the middle of the night and a few people there.
The worst McDs EVER! ?Took  min for  coffees & they couldnt get it right. ?Everything about it was bad slow irritating.
If I could give no stars that would describe this store. Manager was very rude order was not correct and tried to say thats what we ordered. I asked for my money back and to cancel the order and was told no refund. I did get my refund and promised I would never be back
Sad to say I have seen worse. ?Its convenient and relatively fast. Just not clean as it could be.The staff here are almost as depressed as the homeless people you find hanging around it
Typical McDonalds. ?I like this location because it is an easy to get just off the strip location. ?It is perfect for a quick inexpensive breakfast. ?Drive-thru is on pair with most quick drive-thrus. ?Interior is Harley-Davidson themed for those that like to look at things while they wait for food.
I usually have no issues coming here. I usually come in the morning before work for coffee. This time I came with my family and ordered four meals with iced coffees. I asked the drive thru lady for a couple packs of mayonnaise. She left the window came back & handed me one pack of mayonnaise. I had to calm myself down.. Knowing how I am... I decided to just use my mayo at home for our burgers. What in your right mind would u think I could do with ONE baby pack of mayo for four burgers. Not even two... But hands one to me out the window. Lazy ass girl.
This McDonalds is a dirty busy and chaotic experience. Typically theres one register open and when your number is called for your order youre missing a drink or too. Ive had the chicken club sandwich ordered crispy and received it as grilled. Breakfast consisted of old oil fried hash browns and a decent iced mocha but it took me  minutes to get my order. The bathrooms are also dirty and missing the feminine waste receptacles in the stalls half the time. When an employee decides to clean theres mop water sloshed all over the place.
Worst McDonalds by far. It always smells like sewage and the food is alway old. When you tell someone about its like an inconvenience to them. I cant believe the manager is actually the manager. She has the personality of a rock. There are only a small amount of great employees here.
This location is extremely slow the order is usually wrong and the food taste old. They obviously dont change their fryer oil often enough. They also need to find a better way to count their tills. I dont have  minutes in the morning to sit at a window and wait. I would skip this place. There are better ones around.
Always busy food usually cold. Sigh.
I totally understand that this is McDonalds and you get for what you pay but the professionalism here needs major work. While I am waiting for my food it would be nice not to hear yelling and workers horse-playing behind the register and in front of the store. I thought going inside would be faster since there was a line of cars circling that awful drive thru but really I think we had waited longer going inside.
Really it should be . stars. ?They have the dumbest set up for a drive through. ?It runs the length of the regular parking area. ?If the line for the drive through is long they block parking spaces and you cant get in nor out! ?I ended parking away from the store and walking. ?Service was fast and polite! ?I think Id skip this place for another McDonalds unless I really needed the coffee or food.
Understaffed slow service coupled with a dirty interior. The trash had been overflowing for at least  minutes. The store is far too small for the location.
This McDonalds is terrible. I dont expect much from fast food but there is a standard... a low one but at least reach minimal expectations. ? My son and I went through the drive through took forever. They have the nerve to ask is everything on the screen correct. ?After we got our food we pulled forward in the drive-thru to allow traffic to move. ?I explained to my son that we need to check and make sure we got everything.... ? I ordered big Mac meal and happy meal -burger plain. ? They missed the toy and my fries and his burger... how? ?We went inside and had to convince them that we really didnt get everything. They got what we were missing and we went home. ? My son was disappointed. ?I ordered burger plain for a reason. ?They were too busy chatting behind the counter to pay attention to the order they already screwed up. No apology. Nothing. ? I would let this slide if this was the only time. Hire people that work! ?I dont expect a five star meal but get the order right. If not the first time at least dont screw it up twice!
When its busy they shouldnt be using only  register other than that they have an okay customer service.
Well I was reluctant to go into a  star mcdonalds but it wasnt all that bad. Inside was relatively nice and the employees were pretty friendly. Of the breakfast meal I got I only changed the coffee to a large iced coffee and got a large hot coffee instead. When I spoke out loud to myself saying oh is this hot? She thought I was just asking if I would burn myself hahaI didnt bring it up because iced coffees are usually more expensive anyway. Either way the sausage egg biscuit was pretty good!
Finally left early enough for work to allow me to get a McDs coffee. I dont like the fancy coffees just regular coffee with cream. I decided to be quick avoid the drive-thru and go inside. My luck there was one person ahead of me while there were at least  cars waiting outside. I liked the counter displays. They were a variety of coffee cups and mugs presented in such a way as to look inviting. I thought it was a nice touch. Well my turn came and I realized just how slow the cashier was. It was as if she had not a care Umbria world. After a few moments she finally took my order. Another woman actually made my coffee quickly and I was headed to work. My disappointment came when I realized that the coffee tasted bitter. Burnt. Ugh. I will try another McDs closer to work next time. What a let down.
Second time I have gone through Drive-Thru and ordered Chicken Nuggets for my nephew. ?They always forget the sauce. ?Called to let them know it has happened twice. ?The girl on the other end of the line said to check before I leave that its in there. ? I am paying for a product and checking to see that someone else has done their job. ?Sad.
This has gotta be the cheapest McDonalds in McDonalds history they never give napkins at the drive through. I ordered  sandwiches and five large fries asked for extra ketchup and was given  packets and told that was the maximum they can give me. When I asked the girl at the drive thru four the manager she got all pissy and threw a handful of ?ketchup in the bag and asked happy now?.needless to say its a terrible place to order food
While seeing my food sit at the drive through window I watched as the lady preferred to attend the coffee maker and then after taking her time I finally got my food as she handed me the food waiting at the window.... I could have left way before that! My fries suck and the nuggets are rock hard!
It is McDonalds what else can you say.
This McDonalds is very clean. I dont eat fast food oftenbut I have returned to this location a few times.I can say the people who work here are nice and very fast. The only thing that is not great are the restrooms are old but it is in a gas station.
This has got to be by far the worst mcdolalds that was ever created number one they never give you the right order number two they dont understand English number three they use their bare hands to prepare the food number four they make mistakes on your order and give you the attitude like if you did something wrong to them . It seriously is a misery to be in their store and the people who work in there give horrible costumer service & a little bit to rude to costumers  every restaurant should respect their costumers because if its not for us you all wouldnt have a job !
Came here this morning around -am with my friends through the drive thru the guy refused to do two separate orders was rude about it too no one was behind us. And he forgot the ranch I paid for last minute. I will never go back while he is working  Im an ex mcdonalds worker and never acted like that or else Id get a write up  termination because they are not looking for rude people !
I stopped here to use the Redbox machine. ?I then went inside and got a McDonalds McCaf?? frapp?? chocolate chip variety.Service was prompt with a nice smile from the young lady at the counter. ?She made the drink quickly and it was very good. ?Ive been here a few times in the past and its a convenient stop on Flamingo.
Not sure why this McDonalds is showing as closed. It is connected to the Terribles gas station and still in business. They have a  hour drive-thru as well.I have never been inside only ordered at the drive-thru. The employees are pretty friendly they have fast service and no problems with my orders so far. ?I love the $ large sweet teas!!I moved to the area a few weeks ago and have driven by here before but could not remember if I saw a sign saying that they had a  hour drive-thru. So the first time I came here I asked the cashier at the first windowMe Is your drive-thru  hours?Employee Ummm...... I think so? But Im not sure. Do you want me to ask? Me Thats okay Ill ask at the next window.LOL he works there and didnt know what their drive-thru hours were?!?! Come on!! Well as I drove up to the second window to get my food I saw the  hour sign. But still as an employee you should at least know what the restaurants hours are right??
Omg this McDonalds is so rude they dont smile and they look like they hate everyone. They always get my order wrong and Ive been there only  times. Dont go here bad customer service.
I came here to order a big Mac hadnt had one in years and when I got it I kinda noticed it looked like crap so I decided to inspect it. When I did and I took off the top bun I found that someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I mean seriously I always tolerate the crappy service and the stupid and careless Mexican lady that always takes my orders wrong  Im also a Mexican I promise Im not racist or prejudice in the mornings at the drive-thru but cmon seriously someone took a bite off of my fucking meat Patty!! I took it back to the register and informed the cashier of my surprise and he was kind enough to replace it for another Big Mac. I brought it back to my table and I took it out of its box and guess what? It looked like shit! Seriously this thing looked so bad I wouldnt be surprised if it fucking winked at me! It looked as if an elephant had sat on it after it had finished taking a slim dump between two hamburger buns. Okay now I know McDonalds isnt a five star restaurant and I definitely know it isnt even a quality restaurant but cant the customer at least expect some service quality? I mean seriously I couldnt even expect to receive a semi-attractive decent tasting burger or a Big Mac with its Patty as a whole. Ugh.. what can you do right? ?GOD BLESS AMERICA
 times out of  the service or food or both are horrible. ?After getting my entire order wrong I waited while they made the correct meals. ?At home  block away my meals were cold hamburger looked and tasted like yesterdays. ?The fries limp and loaded with oil. ?If you can not get fresh fries at lunch time when can you get it. ?We will skip this McDonald it never improves
Good service food orders are always spot-on and its quick to boot. ?For McDonalds that seems to be extraordinary!But seriously their Drive-Thru is  and since its down the street from my house thats fabulous if I come home in the wee hours. ?Or if I need to grab a quick bite before I drink spirits. ?Theres one guy there thats always extra-friendly and actually checks my ID -- on the back of my card it says See ID. ?A+ to you dude.P.S. Fries have always been crazy fresh and we all know thats the best thing about McDs!
Another rippoff but then what are the options for breakfast at am. As much as they charge for a Bacon Egg & Cheese Biscuit and  lityle -inch piece of Bacon. REALLY? This place sucks and I should have stsyed away. Make sure to count your change too!
I dont understand why an intelligent human being would go to this place and consume the stuff that this place sells. It is of less quality than the stuff they feed inmates at that tent prison in Arizona...literally. What McDonalds does is take some low quality beef add soy and other mixtures for filler and then flavor it with addictive chemical flavorings that they make in a lab. Look into it if you dont believe me. I cringe when my kids want to go there. Its so foul and not to mention freaking expensive. Its totally unbelievable to me that people eat there!
While outside it is advertised as a  hour drive thru I waited  minutes with no service.
Another national chain spot that has no reviews. And with good reason. Its pretty pointless to review a McDonalds. That is unless you want the FTR!McDonalds to me is good for one thing--their dollar menu. Im a sucker for the $ McDouble and maybe some fries. On road trips the $ one-price-fits-all-sizes fountain drink is priceless. Unfortunately not all McDonalds locations stick to this pricing structure but this location certainly does.Ive never actually been inside but their drive-thru has the nice face-to-face three-window system. Im not sure you need that third window just for ordering but whatever. It works.
I have stayed away from most fast food places for last few years. Was running late and ordered an egg mc muffin.....worst breakfast ever.
All I can say is this is the only McDonalds that charges you $. for substituting sausage for bacon on the Big Breakfast. All they give you is one and a half slices!!
I go here so much that Im starting to never want to go again. Its the closest and cheapest food place to my house. ?Its cheap which I love and its pretty good. Its McDonalds nothing special. Just cheap decent food when I need it. Its really fast too.
Its McDonalds what else do you want to hear from me?Oh yeah this place has a face-to-face drive thru. ?You dont speak to some crappy little speaker but to an actual person when you place your drive thru order.
Typical McDonalds food not much nutrition their breakfast is good and the service is quick in this particular McDonalds customer service is very very good I have to eat fast food this would be the one I would come to
A shiny bronzed group of Chicken McNuggets with formed pretend-tatoes in a -color box served by a high-school student or college intern and a toy to boot?? From the drive-thru even? Where can I ?pay money?? I ?want to pay real money for this! And afterward I ?want to gas up my car yup! Then I ?want to play bad vintage top  music blasting on my factory car radio system I ?wanna be a cowboy. And you can be my cowgirl.I ?showed up at am looking for a quarter pounder and they were only serving breakfast even though the sign says differently. Another time I ?showed up at am and tried to order breakfast and they stopped serving breakfast.I ?really think this Mickey Ds is cray cray adorbs.  r e al z.
Worst McDonalds. Waited in line forever.. Finally got up to the window and they ask me to pull over to the second lane an theyll bring my food to me when its ready. Wow I have to wait for a kids meal?!  mins too. Ridiculous.
Slow unfriendly service surprisingly from a McDonalds. Food was not fresh either. Bathrooms were a dirty wreck as if in a roadside gas station. Take your business to a different McDonalds.
After being opened only a couple of days this is the newest McDonalds to open in the Las Vegas valley. In a few days there will be another McDonalds opening a few miles west at Blue Diamond and Durango. ?I just happened to have caught this McDonalds act on the way back from hiking. The Blue Diamond Road landscape seems to change every week. New to the landscape is the old familiar Golden Arches sign. After hiking for six hours I was exhausted and needed a snack. ?Lately my opinion of McDonalds is that it does a better job of filling the void for a light meal snack Frape Mocha or coffee if a coffee shop is not around. To temporarily hold over my appetite and enjoy a beverage besides water that I had been drinking all the day on the hike I ordered the $ large Coke and $ hot & spicy. ?Being a new McDonalds this location is modern and for now immacuately clean. First off it is a nice first impression when a McDonalds is not part of a gas station like the one down the road at Blue Diamond and Rainbow. I entered through modern electric sliding doors. There were two managers and I got a nice greeting. The workers were on top of their game. There were plenty of booths to choose from. The interior is more contemporary than McDonald Land. The McDonald Playland is nonexistent. What does exist is a chandelier and a more elegant lobby. They did not go modern to the point of some restaurants that feature the super Coke machines with a  plus flavors. The typical Coke flavors they had were not flat. McDonalds may not be  star dining. However when I just want a snack to fill me up or a Frape Caramel McDonalds gets the job done. The Daniel. S Yelp  Challenge. Review .
This isnt even a legitimate McDonalds... Its a gas station McDonalds!Ive been to this location twice. Once to meet up a stranger off Craigslist and once to try and redeem my Big Mac LivingSocial coupon. The place is clean but the location attracts some of the local bums in the area. The smell of urine is simply unappealing. I also tried to redeem my LivingSocial coupon. They wouldnt accept it because they couldnt find a button on the menu for it. Lame. A little about my credentialsI first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef but I continue to enjoy & love food.  years later and  lbs heavier I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
This place is very hit and miss to me come on its McDonalds not a five-star restaurant I ?understand but classic whoevers working determines on quality of food or them to get your order correct
This place is so unprofessional! The girl at the cashier didnt even make eye contact. Its not the customers fault that the employees are unhappy. Will not visit this location again!
I have to tell you its been  years since Ive been at a McDonalds and all I got was a Coffee Frap it was gross felt greasy in my mouth...like their food. Which I havent eaten in probably  years and regretted it then. Its so gross!Havent had a Shamrock Shake in years...its that time of year and wanted to give it a shot. Used the drive thru there was hardly a wait. Staff was pleasant but the stench of moth balls was unbearable when they opened the drive up window. Yuk! Thankfully the shake didnt taste like the smell of the store. Not really minty it was okay nothing special. Im over the Shamrock shake. Lets see how long itll be this time till I make it to another McDonalds.
ahhhhh just got home after getting drive thru at this location. i really considered turning around and going back but gave up on the thought. I ordered a spicy chicken sandwich with no mayo and a medium fry with a side of BBQ sauce. heres what i gota spicy chicken sandwich with tons of mayo and a broken bun because of all the disgusting white shit everywhere. a medium fry that was literally half full honestly me saying it was half full was exaggerating it was about a third full. and guess what no BBQ sauce BUT an open ketchup packet that got everywhere. BRAVO... BRAVO. and this is why i rarely eat fast food.
Its a McDonalds attached to a gas station so you cant expect much. Food was ok as you cant screw that up to bad at a franchise restaurant. You do have to put up with the horrible parking lot gas station traffic if you park and go in the dinning room is loudsmall with tons of little kids running around no playground for the kids and the parents seem to let them run wildNapkins are by the register not by the the straws or the soda machine so make sure you grab a few when you pay for your meal or you will have to push your way to the front to get them afterwards. There are other McDonalds near by and you are better off visiting one of them.
A first for the gf and I - a visit to McDonalds ! ?Surprisingly out of the blue the gf was recovering from the flu and said she was craving McDonalds french fries. ?Before i could get out the door to make a Mickie-D run the gf yells out asking for a filet of fish  anything else ?   she calls out for a chocolate shake too. ?Yep I guess shes feeling better !So i orderLarge Fries - $.Chocolate Shake - $.Filet of Fish - $. piece chicken nuggets - $.Diet coke - $.My first thought - dang Mickie ds aint all that cheap $. for a filet of fish ?! ?Seems high to me.The taste ? ?Holy cow - some of the worst food weve had in a very long time ! ?My guess is the nuggets were sitting out for several hours - we ate  of them and stopped. ?The fries were limpy wimpy limpy. ?The filet of fish was ok at best. ?Shake was ok. ?This is a reminder why the only reason i hit McDonalds is for a soda - best value and basically a safe bet !
This McDonalds is connected to the Terribles convenience storegas station and not particularly one of my favorites.Its convenient when youre driving down Blue Diamond from the west but I think the staff could use some training in the customer service end from the other McDonalds nearby.The last time we ate there we watched and listened as one of the staff members hollered from the dining area to the kitchen. ?Apparently she was on break and eating and still wanted to maintain her conversation with her colleagues so she continued it by screaming across the dining room and they in turn hollered back. ?Very professional group here.Im sure all the other customers enjoyed the show as well.
OK. so. ?When we first moved here..... We had a bunch of friends visit and come stay at our brand new house back in ? ?I dont remember... a while back. ?But this joint was still fairly new. ?We came here on the way to the airport to drop off our weekend guests at the McCarran for a quick bite to eat. ?Keep in mind that this is during the summertimeSo we go in.. and there are flies. ?FLIES. ?all over the place. ?Im weirded out and the employees are acting like nothings wrong. ?Im not sure what to do at this point and Ive suddenly lost my appetite. ?So I approach the counter and I ask... whats going on? ?And the young man at the counter was at a loss and kinda giving me the get out of here look. ?So I made a judgement call and decided that we needed to get out of there. ?Im not talking about  or  flies that the auto door can bring in. ?It was like walking through a wall. O_O ?Next.... I should say that I have been back. ?BUT. . . ?years later and not after I put in a call to let the proper people know that there was a HUGE problem.... its not always the cleanest either. I havent encountered that problem since.... but still not the first one Id go to though it IS RIGHT there.
This location is part of a gas station and has not been updated in years. The food is alright but there are always flies flying around in the dinning room which is pretty unappetizing to say the least. You would think someone there would have noticed by now as I have seen the flies on several occasions.
The Drive Thru sucks. I mean the food comes out quickly. And Whether ordering inside or in your car you get it fast. A plus being you can hit the convenience store and get gas or snacks. But literally the drive thru dumps you at the entrance and exit on Rainbow blvd and its hard to get out. And if you come in the wrong way you have to flip a u turn to get into the drive thru. To late for them to redo it now. I guess when im on that side of town ill venture inside from now on.
This is a prime location for residents of Mountains Edge sitting on such a busy corner. ?The fries here are always tasteless and soggy they are slow to move the drive through along and parking is difficult based on the building configuration. ?If I feel like grabbing a # value meal I much rather travel to the McDonalds  miles North on Rainbow.
This review is only for the one in Rainbow and Blue Diamond of SouthWest Vegas. ?I go here because its one of the few Mcdees thats open hrs. ?Menu and taste is the same as the other Mcdees around town. ?Would have gotten one more star if they served breakfast before am because I went at am and they were just doing the lunch menu still. They denied me of a good warm hearty breakfast and had to settle for an unhealthy BIG MAC combo with a coke.
Employees more worried about gossiping than serving customers. Almost  am and I waited  minutes for  breakfaat ?sandwiches. This place is a joke.
I havent been to a McDonalds in years. ?Now I remember why. Stopped at Redbox and decided to grab a hot fudge sundae while I was there.Got to watch a manager argue with a customer over whether she ordered fries or not and on the way out noticed an overflowing garbage can with garbage all over the floor in the dining room. ?Stay Klassy McDonalds.
This review is only for the drive through. I enjoy the face to face ordering instead of the intercom. It gives a better chance for them to get your order correct. The staff here is very nice. There are a few people I can think of who are not morning people and should not be working the drive through but I cant really choose whos working the window. The wait time depends on when you actually order. Its a little longer in the morning when everyone is off to work and when people are getting off work. As for my actual orders I havent had an order incorrect although they have forgotten a straw here and there or have forgotten sauce or ketchup. I just make sure everything is there before I drive off. Food wise its McDonalds. Nothing special.
Make sure they put everything youve ordered in the bag before leaving! We went through the drive-tru and ordered six burgers we were both hungry. ?We get to the second window and the guy handing my boyfriend the bag repeated the order but he said five burgers instead of six so my boyfriend said How many? Five? And the guy said No six. So we drive off without checking how many were actually in the bag and when we got home we find out there were only five. Ugh!!! And we did check the receipt and under QTY - !McDonalds you guys owe me a damn burger!
BEWARE There is a guy who works here tall glasses and painfully forgetful. Ive gone here a total of three times in the past month for a quick fix with my siblings and hes gotten our order wrong each of those times. He must be new but he does seem genuinely sorry after he adds or subtracts something from our order.Regardless hes not why I give this McDonalds  star.This place is usually jam packed with teens by pm during the school year and during the summer just cant catch a break. Location is usually messy and has THE LOUDEST DOOR EVER! Service is mediocre to the max then again this is McDonalds no  star review here.
Its McDonalds. You really cant ever expect a good meal from any McDonalds. That said however I have no complaints about this location. My order has always been correct and speedy. And the food here is no worse than the food at any other McDs location. So can I really give it fewer than  stars? I guess not.Psst...want to know what my favorite thing is from McDs? Its the hot mustard sauce. I could dip practically anything in that sauce. It is so yum!
I hate Mcdonalds I go tto be really really Hungry to eat there but my kids like it. This location service is what u expect from Mikey Ds nothing more nothing less.
I am truly unimpressed with this location. I LOVE a cup of coffee in the morning and McDonalds has great coffee. This location seems to be run by a bunch of children with no other purpose other than goofing off. I sound like my father. How hard is it to be polite and serve a cup of coffee? With a thousand locations within a  mile radius I think a will drive and extra block or two for that great cup of coffee.
I was just there a few days ago. ?I ordered my daughter a kids meal thru the drive thru. ?The women at the first window was very nice and professional. ?When we drove to the next window to pick up our food the women just handed us the juice then handed up our kids meal. ?The whole time talking to fellow coworkers. ?We saw only the back of her the whole time. ?No hello no thank you or anything. ?It was the weirdest thing. ?My husband and I were shocked that happen. ?Sorry Mcdonalds we were bothering you. ?The funny thing I think she was the manager because she was wearing a different color than everyone else.
If youre looking for a quick breakfast you really cant go wrong with a breakfast sandwich and an iced coffee from McDonalds ? This location is always quick...Ive never had any issues with my orders or the employees here. ?Ive only had breakfast here so I cant comment on the rest of their menu.My mom told me their oatmeal is really good...planning on trying that next time. ?My husband also loves their cinnamon roll bites.
Slowest McDonalds ever....especially in the mornings
OK McDonalds...Please check your beverage dispensing machine. On several occasions Ive had poorly mixed coke from your unit. The coke taste watered down. Are you trying to save on cost or did you run out of product? ?Never compromise on my Coca Cola drinks I would hate to cross over to another brand. Restaurants should be mindful of their dispensing units to ensure their lines have full bag in the box running through the lines and keep the ice maker full of ice. Thank you!
this mcdonalds was SUPER fancy looking on the inside and outside- it was pretty unusual to see. otherwise it was a pretty standard mcdonalds. kinda slow service here though.
Im constantly disappointed in this mcdonalds and its the closest one to me sadly . But today was just the last leg for me  I guess my order was too complicated no onion no pickle on a cheese burger w melted cheese  because most times the cheese is not melted  and my receipt had my order correct but my burger still came with onions and pickles . So I went inside and waited for a new one to be prepared . Only to watch the lady preparing my food give me sooo much attitude  and cover my burger in ketchup . I just left the burger there  customer service was piss poor today . And every other day . Everyone looked miserable .
Heading into the Galleria to shoe shop with the wife she figured it would be beneficial to get me a snack before the doldrums of shoe shopping. Thought the dollar menu should be an inexpensive snack before we went home for a full dinner.It was an easy transaction to get a soda burger and fries theyre order fulfillment time was about the highlight of the visit.Our food was ready so we sat down and tore into the bag. The burger was your typical McDs burger nothing special tastes like a very cheap almost beef patty. The fries however looked and tasted like they had been dropped into the fryer a couple times. Finally the soda... there was a slightly off taste to it could be the mix or the syrup was on its way out either way it wasnt the greatest tasting soda I have had.After eating I went to get my drink refilled as they normally give one refill per cup at this location. Not this time. Now if you would like a refill it is $.. I was really tempted to break out the credit card to pay for a refill just out of spite. Laziness prevailed and I walked away. I can understand not having unlimited refills at a mall where mallrats could abuse the refill policy. That is why it was perfectly understandable to have only one refill per cup.
Im not ashamed to admit that every once in a while I get a Bic Mac Attack and have to have some McDonalds. ?Well it happened last weekend while I was at the Galleria Mall to watch the B-Boy Battle Swagger competition.I ordered a Big Mac and one of the new Angus Beef Bacon Cheeseburgers. ?To wash it down I ordered a bottle of Water.....hey I had to do something healthy to not feel so bad right?The food came out on time but they were out of bottled Water....so they gave me the one on display.....huh?! I thought it was hilarious.Anyway I got my Big Mac fix and thought the Angus Bacon Cheeseburger was alright.Will I return? ?Only during the next Big Mac Attack.
I love the Ice cream here! Thats the only thing I get when I go to mcdonalds.
Hav to pay for refill......use to be free but they got cheap.
This particular location has by far the worst service overall. I am not lying when I say that  out of  visits whether it be drive-thru or walk-in something is wrong with my order. I can remember my order for extra onions on McRib sandwiches or hamburgers have been produced with extra pickles and no onions. A recent visit took  minutes to produce a  piece chicken mcnuggets and a soda. Ive worked at a McDonalds before and if I had a valid food card and ambassadorial privileges I could have changed the oil re-heat the fryer located a box in their freezer and fry my own food and still get to school on time. The shift manager gave me a large fries and  cups for drinks not being sensitive to the fact that I had diabetes and I had ordered nuggets for speedy service and avoidance of excess carbs.The service today was not as bad but why do they go through the trouble of asking what kind of sauce do I want with my nuggets if they arent going to give it to me? The guy at the window actually tried to shove me out of drive-thru with only a partial order. This particular instance has happened several times.Unfortunately I am a fan of their products and when I get a hankering and wish not to get out of my vehicle this is the closest location.I have managed  food service installations and I guarantee that I could run that place better than the current crew given minimal training.I would say the s had lousy fashion s had lousy music and so far aside from drivers of today customer service is at its worst especially for food service and more especially for McDonalds on Sunset and Stephanie.
Status upon arrival Hungover Starving Filthy  hours of sleep.Even though McDonalds is known to be fast food as in fast service we love to request our Angus burgers fresh upon order. waiting the extra  minutes Okay so we starved more than we had to but finally after receiving our food the first thing my cousin noticed was how old the patties were. Little did they know my cousin worked at McDs for over two years.If your going to give us crap anyways give a lame excuse instead of having your customers starve for no reason. This branch definitely failed to meet our hunger satisfaction.
Hands down worst McDonalds weve ever visited. Fairly nice employees but- slow service the place was almost empty but it took nearly  minutes to get our food- low quality ingredients my prepackaged side salad was filled with wilted iceberg and dry carrot shavings- inconvenient you have to ask for them to unlock the bathrooms and you have to show a receipt for refills- poor service they were out of water cups even though they just gave one to the guy before me and wouldnt give me something else for water instead
 @ had lunch here! Everyone & everything was on point. Ive had so many bad experiences at Mc Donalds but for these guys I decided to make a yelp account just for this! Chicken nuggets and fries were perfectly crispy and the whole drive through crew was amazingly nice and they got our order right which is a gigantic plus in my book. Thanks for making our stay in Vegas even better! Going again today! Hehehe
The worst mc Donalds in Las Vegas trust me I love here. I been there many times because I use to go to school down the street from there and every single time every single time they gave me the wrong order or didnt give me my drink or had to wait  minutes for my order. To make it worst the drive thru is not fast by any means either ur looking at at least  minutes over the limit. Its on a busy location but they dont seem to care because the place is always dirty napkins on the floor and ketchup all over the tables to make it worse the restrooms are disgusting. If you are hungry dont go here at all at all!!! No customer service and dirty as hell location
Had to use the drive thru because I was on a road trip with my puppies and it is just too darn hot in NV to leave them in the car for any reason. ?That said I got an iced coffee and some fries as that was all I could find on the menu that was vegetarian. ?Now I remember why I dont go here. ?Then I realized if I could have only found a Taco Bell I could have had real food!
I bought a filet-o-fish and asked for a large cup of ice. They charged me $ for a cup of ice...fail!
I really dont like McDonalds in general. But in a moment of weakness I stopped here in the middle of a long road trip. The kids were hungry and tired and we didnt want to spend any time driving around looking for food. I wish we had looked a little more.We had an awful experience. Not only was the place very dirty but the food was terrible. The chicken sandwiches we got were very dry and tasted like some cleaning product that should have been rinsed off the grill. The fries were cold and withered.This was my first visit to McD in at least  years. It will be at least that long before I try McD again.
Every time that I go to the welcome screen on Yelp I keep seeing Your next review awaits with a picture of Ronald McDonald patting a man I dont know. Yelp wants me to write the review and I am tired of seeing this when I go on the welcome screen. So I will write a review on the McDonalds in Sams Town. ?When I write a review I try to look at a unique aspect of the business. When it comes to fast food restaurants it takes some thinking. What makes this McDonalds unique is that it features the exact Western motif displayed throughout Sams Town. It is incorporated in a food court in back of the mountain where the robotic Mystic Falls robotic animals perform. I dont know of any McDonalds where I could grab a Big Mac and fries and watch a robotic cast of animals performing in a laser show What also makes this McDonalds unique for a location off the Strip is that they do not honor the $ Any Size Beverage promotion. ?The Sams Town McDonalds is one of a few food choices in Sams Town. In my opinion I pass over their coffee and dessert for Dunkin Donuts. I pass over their lunch and dinner menu for the Firelight Buffet Panda Express and Subway. For my tastes this McDonalds is advantageous for a light snack or a Large Coke for the drive home. The time I spend on the line justifies a check-in. It is the McDonalds of Sams Town and it gets busy. In comparison to a similar McDonalds in the D casino the employees are friendly. This summarizes my experiences for the Sams Town McDonalds. Yelp should be happy that I wrote the review and I should be happy to see a new picture on my welcome screen.
Manuel the manager gave us the worst customer service Ive every had at a McDonalds. Took our order incorrectly blamed us for it overcharged us wouldnt fix it and was rolling his eyes the whole time tried to hide his name from us and only gave it to us when we insisted. Then didnt even apologize for any of it!
All I wanted was a McFlurry but  minutes in the drive thru made it impossible. I left empty handed and upset. Oh well Sonic shake it is for me then! Btw drive through lady was hard to understand they need to hear themselves through that speaker. Simply terrible but then again were in the hood and the next closest location is still in the hood. Next time Ill just stop by the store and buy a tub rather than go through this hassle and headache.
I am only customer in drive thru a d Im asked to pull over in reserve area to wait on my grilled onion burger order. The manager very polite and I never felt mistreated. However I am confused as to what the hold up was all about . Also after getting home I find hardly any onions on the burgers and out of the ordinary dry. I hate to complain as I said the staff very respectful and friendly. But the food definitely contradicts the attitudes of staff. Very disappointed and regret paying for the food even at its low price.. Sorry guys. gotta be honest.
I had no problem here everything was present in my drive-thru order and up to McDonalds usual standards whether you love them or loathe them.
They never get the order right and then I have never got the large fries I order they always put smalls in the back and the wait for all this to happen is forever. Never again.
This location is convenient in Boca Park but be prepared to wait in the drive thru. ?I have visited them during peak hours and between and that doesn`t seem to matter.
Ive been a regular customer at McDonalds for some time now and recently moved to the Summerlin area. This sorry excuse for a McDonalds near my house has continued to have the worst customer service wait time is horrible and by all means hope and pray they get your order right!!!! There is plenty of competition Id would be happy to take my business else where! McDonalds? What happen the the customer service and quick service?!!
Its McDonalds. It has a drive-thru. We drove through it. The frappe produced from said drive-thru was A-OK.
This place is the worst. Always someone begging in the drive thru. Then before that you have to almost get hit to get in the drive way. Then after that your get a large and they always give you a small. The only thing they do right was hav
This place is terrible. Its a  chance that they will get your order right. Maybe if they could hire people who spoke a word of English they would get your orders right.I was JUST there. I wanted a coffee with no whip cream and extra caramel. Super easy right? Apparently not. They put extra whip cream barely any caramel. I paid extra for it so I asked them to remake it. The girl did but tried to give it to me with again barely any caramel. I explained that I asked for extra and even paid extra. She got an attitude with me then walked away. Another girl asked her what she was going and said MORE f***ing caramel!? So sure as shit the girl had to be a smart ass and put as much caramel as she could. Literally the entire bottom was filled half an inch up of caramel. I couldnt help but laugh. What an immature and ignorant staff. I will never go here again. This place is a complete dump. I will definitely be contacting the district manager because the manager here is a joke and doesnt take anything serious.
Dont be fooled... not a great part of town. Lazy employees. Unsanitary restrooms and play area. Do not recommend this location at all! Got very sick after eating here.
They made me wait an extra  minutes just so they can throw my order at me. Didnt even ask if I need napkins or condiments. I called the store and didnt even apologize they gave me the wrong number to corporate and then they hung up on me. I googled corporates number the I called corporate and they gave me a voucher for  free meals.
Horrible service!!! Every time I go to this particular location ?the employees are very rude and never get the ?order right. Every employee there has a horrible attitude from the cashier to the people in the kitchen to the guy on drive-thru.
This is a large relatively modern-looking mcds. Its a bit grimy which in mho kind of defeats the purpose of the remodel. Why bother making it all pretty & modern if youre not going to wipe it down regularly?The service here is ok. Food is standard mcds fare. The one reason we come here is for the HUGE four-story play area. The kids enjoy exploring it and i enjoy getting a half hour of sanity. ?theres a small space underneath for littler guys to play in but this playplace is realistically more for older kids who can climb well. The kids room is completely closed off from the rest of the restaurant which works great at keeping my boys from running off and theres a separate bathroom in here just for aparents. ?No changing table which for some strange reason seems to be the way las vegas restaurants roll. I really hate that. Therefore they shouldnt be surprised when i change a poopy diaper on one of their posh bench seats since theres nowhere else to do it.Maybe then theyll wipe it down afterwards... But dont count on it.
A great place in the am and mid day. ?At night the staff is rude and the place dirty. ?It just seems like at night they are more interested in playing then the customer.
I only come to this location when I go to Nellis AFB and its never that great. Customer service needs some help two polite employees does not make up for ten rude ones unfortunately. Its a nightmare going inside and the time its dirty. I prefer the drive-thru but I can sit there for ever saying hello and no one responds or Ill get a response to wait not a please at all!!! That makes me kinda angry. I know some would not care but Ive worked customer service before and its not polite when you add a rude tone and attitude on top!!!I dont make it to breakfast often. Its been a long time since Ive ordered an Egg McMuffin so I indulged. I paid $. drink upgrade for a large orange juice and I got a watered down juice so I went they the drive-thru and the lady was rude like I was the picky customer I only want what I pay for and a little dash of politeness since they get paid for it!!!
The only reason I come here every now and then is because its close to our home. Otherwise this place is known to mess up your drive-thru order.
We always see this place as we go into Super Walmart to shop and its always busy. So we decided to try them out after we shopped.Bad!! The floors were dirty the customer service was nothing to talk about and the fries tasted like they had been sitting under the heat lamp for a long while.FYI just because they are always busy doesnt mean they are good. McDonalds of all places!!!!
So its fast food and McDonalds at that. ?So lets say expectations are very very low. Sometimes though you just want food thats fast and you know what to expect. Not every meal can be a  star dinner with an executive chef.Even with appropriate low expectations this location takes the cake for subpar service. ?About a week ago I was exhausted and needed something to eat and there are few fast food restaurants near where I live. So off to McDonalds I went. ?Ordered a value meal and a single apple pie. ?Surprise...no pie! ?Ok mistakes happen. Ive worked drive through in a previous life and I get it. ?Even though it was  pm and I was the only car there so its not like they were rushed. ?Still...mistakes happen.Fast forward to tonight. ?Again about  pm and exhausted and decide to go crazy and get McDs twice in  week. ?So I try again to order an apple pie with my value meal. ?Now maybe this is my fault because I should have checked the bag before driving off. ?But after sitting at the window and waiting for  minutes and remember I was really tired silly me thought theyd be able to get it straight this time.Turns out I was wrong. ?Yet again...no pie. ?Both times within a week of each other I paid for them. ?Neither time they felt it necessary to put it in the actual bag.So I called to talk to the manager. ?And get hung up on as soon as I ask for the manager. ?So I called back the manager actually answered and I told him what happened. ?He didnt sound too displeased just told me next time well get your order right.Yeah if there IS a next time.
I know what your thinking....another  star review for McDs and you dont even eat there?!? What gives? Well I have to say this is an informative review! Getting right down to it. I was out running by a few client sites today when I stopped and picked up lunch at Riverside thats right be jealous. ?So a coworker calls and asks if I would pick up lunch for her. ?Being a team player I said no problem. She then told me she wanted Satan...I mean McDonalds. I sighed but agreed. She told me what she wanted and off I went. Oh and to get some ketchup and Sweet and Sour sauce. Mkay. I pulled up to the drive thru and ordered after they tried to sell me their new Angus Burger. Sidenote Why do they do that in the first place? I mean if that is what I wanted I would have ordered it. May I please have # with a Sprite. Would you l like to add on an apple pie for $.? Um no. $. please pull up to the first window. So I pay. Drive to window #. Man opens the window hands me the drink and the bag of food. I asked for a S&S Sauce packet. The guy responded. We charge for that now. Ha thats hilarious. Just one please. No really they are $. What? Youre kidding right? No maam if you want one youll have to pull back around the drive thru. Totally dumbfounded I say Do you charge for ketchup too? Then drive off. ?I laugh the entire way back to work like a crazy woman...What do you mean your charging for condiments?  Is it laced with heroin? Are there diamonds inside these packets? Is charging for this even legal? I mean it wasnt even my order and Im mad as hell. Theyve managed to piss me off again. Congrats McSatan. You officially suck more than ever. Take your Sweet and Sour Sauce and shove it where the sun dont shine. *spits on ground*
The drive-thru menu board has changed making it impossible to find the items I usually order. ?Not sure if its just this location or all McDonalds anything with mayonnaise will have enough mayo for three sandwiches and enough bread for almost  sandwiches compared to the amount of meat. If you request mustard instead of mayonnaise make sure you ask for mustard at the second window because youre getting dry sandwiches.
Terrible customer service. Rude and indifferent manager. My friends and I go there to purchase food and I asked for a courtesy cup of water as it was very hot and I didnt want soda. She looked me square in the eye in front of everyone and said no. That will cost you $. cents. Not even after I had patronized the business could I not have a sip of water? Really? I will never shop at that McDonalds ever again. Any McDonalds really. I actually watched the manager and she treated every minority who walked in like crap.
Definitely not a fan of this McDonalds. Ordered a Big Mac the other day and the sandwich looked like someone sat on it.Ive seen better quality of sandwiches from other locations in Dallas.
Check your order! ? Yet again they shortchanged me on my large order leaving out one of the big chicken sandwichesDont bother calling to fix it as no one answersBy far the worst McDonalds in the area.Update ? Spent  minutes getting my refund and the manager even shorted me on that. ? Lesson learned count your change toi
I wouldnt even give this NASTY place one star! ?I went thru the drive-thru and my order was wrong because the woman taking my order could hardly speak English. ?I ordered a McChicken without mayo add mustard and she kept asking me a McChichen add mayo mustard and onions? I said no finally got my order right on the screen pay and then go to get my food and its WRONG! so I go back thru the line and she apologies and I back to the window to get my food for the nd time and guess what its wrong again! ?I parked my car walked inside and I have no clue where the manager was but I was totally grossed out at how nasty this place was. ?Not only was the staff rude but it looks like the place hadnt been cleaned. ?This place must be a daycare for all the Mexican kids in the area because they was running around screaming throwing stuff and just trashing the place out. There was  adults in the whole place and about - kids just acting a damn mess! ?While sitting at my seat I seen what looked like  drug deals go one. ?I saw a tall black man walk in pants hanging off his ass and a wife beater looked so damn nasty he would stand by the door people would pull in a car he would run out to the window trade something off and come back in and stand by the door and then do the same actions all over again. ?When I went to get more soda I noticed there was no lids go figure and so I asked the worker he replied to me sorry I am going on break. ?This store needs to be shut down and the owner needs to think about what type of place he wants representing him. ?This place should be called El McGhetto because that is all it is.
Its a pretty dirty McDonalds I probably had one two many drinks and needed a chocolate shake so I huffed it down to McDonalds. Would I visit McDonalds again? Unfortunatly... no matter how disgusted I am with myself after each visit I always come crawling back...
Hello would you like to try our hot chocolate?Oh man how I hate the prerecorded message at this drive-thru. NO I do NOT want the hot chocolate. No I do NOT want the frappe fizz. NO I do NOT want whatever piece of crap food item you are happening to push at the present moment ...I DO NOT WANT IT!I only WANT what I order and what I came in to purchase.When WILL you get that? In the morning this is the busiest McDonalds I have ever come across. Usually theres a line in the drive-thru snaking into the street. The parking lot is poorly designed making it difficult to leave once you grab your order. The loop comes full circle and youre blocked by people in a secondary line entering from Belt Line road northbound.Just give me my freakin egg biscuit cut the high pressure up-selling and let me get the heck out of here ...
I come here so often for lunch and every time I been here they alway get my order wrong either Im always missing something or I add bacon to a burger and get charged for it and its not on a burger I would check and open it up but I dont have time I have to get back to my job. ?Its so aggravating and I cant go back around because it would make me late for work I would really hope they do something about this issue! Either your cooks do not know how to read or they so not pay attention.
NO STARS First of all!!! But I am forced to give  star.WORST customer service and WORST of all its been going on for years and I dont see any change in service or MANAGEMENT. I live down the street from this location and everytime I place my order I ask them to repeat it but when I get home its not correct ?When I get to the drive thru window its like I have to argue with them to present my case to convince to redo the whole order and they only want to replace what they made mistake of the item I ordered not the whole order!!!! Hell after I have to drive back to the loc for my food to get it correct I dont ?want to eat cold food...this has happened to me for years now I only go to this loc because of my kids. I have complained to Corporate and spoken to the manager but to no avail. After years of bad service and not able to convince my twins I have decided to stop going to this specific location drive  mile out of my way to I- &  McDonalds location where I get my order from a friendly and smiling person.
And on the seventh day he forsook rest but opened THE FIRST McDONALDS to quest his famished soul yea. ?I may be exaggerating on the power of Mickey Ds but only cause they can sue. Anyway this particular McDonalds is inside the Wal Mart on Forest Ln. and forms a nice reprieve before or after your purchases. No drive-thru but there is another McDonalds just down the road on Abrams that does. Anywho dont go here often folks. Its nice for a forgotten lunch or a celebratory match but dont make it a habit. Deuces doc.
I drive up and the chick tells me Please wait a minute.  minutes later another chick comes on and tells me Were only according cash. WTF?!?! Crap service. What else should I have expected...
The counter girl was super rude and took  min for just a iced coffee
I was hopping after they spent so much money on redecorating that this McDonalds would improve on customer service and cleanliness. BOY WAS I WRONG!!!The family bathroom does not have a changing table it was totally out of toilet paper and the hand dryer was broken. I informed  managers of this but they did nothing to rectify the at least one issue they could. There are no paper towels just the hand dryer so one could be up the proverbial S creek without anything to clean up with. NASTY!!!I also informed ?the same managers that there were spills one water one bubbles in the play area but no one ever came to clean them and my daughter almost slipped through one of the spills. They did not even put a warning sign out. I also reiterated about the toilet paper and took it upon myself to place napkins on the sink. The food was not hot in fact barely warm. The napkin used on the floor where the water spill was was black when I cleaned the area myself I dont work there but should have earned a paycheck instead of paying them for what we had.
First-I know its a McDonalds. So what could I expect? ?How about a clean space and staff that at least pretended to care.This store is close to the house and our grandson wanted his birthday party here.The store had a recent makeover and on first appearances is a very nice location. They obviously spent some money on the makeover. ?That is why the cleanliness or lack thereof was rather shocking. The dining area by the childrens play area appears to be an afterthought when they are cleaning. ?I ended up cleaning our tables myself since no one seemed to care enough to come wipe down tables ?or throw away trash. ?The food was standard fare at McDonalds but they were really slow filling the orders and it was only lukewarm when we got to the tables.The play area also had one other major issue. ?They have a little area with animals for the smaller kids to crawl around on. ?I give them points for that and trying to keep the really wee ones away from the bigger kids. ?I would have thought that someone would have though of affixing the animals in some way so they would not tip over when the kids were on them- a definite safety hazard.Not a store I care to revisit. Luckily my grandson is now  and his palate will soon outgrow McDonalds!
Being Scottish I always enjoy a jaunt to one of our name-sakes establishments...The food is always Mickey Ds--hard for that to get messed up I think. The attendant was serviceable thats about it. The part I *really* liked was being approached in my car by the ned the homeless guy jed the homeless guy red thehomless guy etc.... you get the picture. My windshield has never been cleaned so many times....
Stopped in to feed the kids after the aquarium. Parking lot is relatively clean sharing a lot with a chevron. We were greeted warmly when we came to the counter and everything seemed good. Halfway thru ordering a transient came up behind me in line to ask me for money. The cashier ignored it. Then I noticed he subsequently asked every person in line behind me. The counter staff was not even showing any concern like we worked there. Food came we got in our vehicle and a different transient appeared inches from my passenger window asking for something. The food was good the service was good just stay away if you dont like people accosting you for money.
I literally left this location because of the screwy parking lot. I just gave up and went to another McDonalds on the way to where I was going.
I would be hesitant to stop here except in broad daylight. ?Drive through line was really long and inside wasnt moving much better. ?Not the cleanest McDOnalds Ive been to for sure.
Either its waaayy too packed with long lines in the drive thru or the order is messed up. You say no cheese and they still add cheese.
Not the best McDonalds Ive been to. Service is kind of lacking and this area in general is pretty sketchy. However its the closest McDonalds to my house so to save gas I go to this one. Lately theyve been getting a bit better in getting their orders right so hopefully its a permanent change.
Ive had my order messed up at this location  out of  times. I would refuse to go but I love their iced coffees!!
As a whole this is a much nicer McDs then most Ive seen and the quality seems to be pretty consistent.Cons - CAUTION - read this!That said the area is surrounded by government apartments and a guy was parked outside of this McDs last week and stupidly had his windows down and parked while writing a text msg on his cell when a guy put a GUN to his face and made him drive home only to rob him. ?Fortunately he was not harmed other than his pride.Moral of the story be aware of your surroundings and keep your windows up and doors locked even in the drive-thru line.
We stopped by here on our way out of town to grab coffee etc. Let me just say Ill NEVER come back. This place is completely sketchy. Theres people randomly lingering around outside. Keep your windows rolled up and your doors locked while waiting. My coffee was warm but not hot as the outside label claimed. It also tasted burned. How exactly do you burn coffee? Overall not a place Ill ever return and would not encourage anyone to visit.
I think Mc this location is quite different from ?another location that i had before. The quality is not good enough. I order big Mc but it is not something that i had before. By the way this restaurant serve me when i have not thing to eat.
Angus bacon and cheese. ?Thats the name of the sandwich. ?It should come with cheese the first time.
This location is really close to where i live and we go here all the time. Poor food quality at night. You would think that the food would be fresher at night because of the slower business. I ordered a filet of fish a few times from here and I recieved a stale fish sandwich. and \ the fish look and felt so stale like it was thrown away earlier in the day and dug out the trash and put on a bun. My friend had gotten a double cheese burger and when she bit into and look at it as a piece of mop string in her burger. THAT IS DISGUSTING. We took it back got a fresh burger and fo a gift i guess they gave us free stale pies. lol Gotta Love It
Okay so we all know McDs isnt the tip top of cuisine but I like it when I am on the go and heading into work. The people at this McDonalds know me pretty well by now and always say Hi where ya been? when I havent been by for a while. They also know what I order and comment when I do something different... no kids meal today? Ha Ha...I guess that makes me predictable. Point being the staff here is friendly and the food is just McDonalds.
I give it only one star because they are slow and lazy. For religious reasons I dont eat pork so I choose the eggs an cheese biscuit. I end up getting handed a sandwich where they removed the sausage. Not happy.
Im not sure if the other reviewer went to this location because I found that they had friendly competent service and good quality food. ?The restaurant appeared clean but the vinyl on the playplace booths was badly ripped and should be replaced. ?Following the DFW tradition of themed playplaces this one is a gold mine. ?My son had a lot of fun.
Service here is HORRIBLE! An employee there has cursed me out before and one time a manager was talking crap about us in Spanish! I SPEAK SPANISH! Food sucks butt. Dont go to this McDonalds youll have a bad experience and rude customer service.
Im not a big McDonalds fan in fact I dont like their food at all but I was with people who wanted to eat here so I was captive. I had an Angus snack wrap which wasnt much more than a hamburger wrapped in a very small flour tortilla. It was actually pretty tasty but what I was most impressed with was the dinning room. It looked more like an upscale English country hunting lodge. Plaid wallpaper brass chandelier and fixtures with dark wood trim the only thing that spoiled the atmosphere of fine dining was the playground with huge windows and the screams of kids at play.
This is not the Mickey Ds you want to go to for fast service. ?We ate inside and they got our orders wrong and were super slow. ?They need to hire more people at this location!!!!!!!
I was informed by the Manager on -- around pm that this is a franchise owned Mc Donalds and they dont have to adhere to corporate protocol such as customer service and prices. The whole atmosphere reflects this mans attitude ITS TERRIBLE. I will never go back to this Mc Donalds location and in my opinion no one else should either. The prices are higher and the customer service is lower than the Mc Donalds on First St. and Beltilne Rd Garland TX. ?Joanne must work there. THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!!!!!!! Smart a.. manager and all. He gave me the website to file a complaint on. What a joke.
I was craving fast food - hadnt had it in weeks - so I decided to try this McDonalds on my lunch break. ?The food sucked. ?The nuggets had no taste. ?Grease was dripping from my fries. ?The ice machine was out of ice. ?A homeless man was walking around the store begging for money. ?I think Im going back to my non-Mcdonaldsnon-fast food ways.
Food was ok as what would be expected from McDonalds ?however I ordered a strawberry milkshake which tasted so sickly sweet it was undrinkable. My boyfriend ordered chicken nuggets and a chocolate milkshake which is his regular. He stated that both tasted below par.Go to In and Out burger instead 
I feel like my father right now. ?Im not mad... Im just disappointed. ?I cant believe I paid for an iced Carmel mocha. It was gross and tasted like super sweet burned coffee. It wasnt served with the typical cone lid and whipped cream and fancy looking swirl of chocolate and carmel on top either. I even double checked when I received it and the clerk assured me in her best English accent that it was in-fact an iced mocha. ?Wrong. Ive been ordering these for awhile and this was not up to par. I believe they charged me the higher price and just gave me an iced coffee. I guess I should expect this from McDonalds. especially when their staff is still trying to master the English language. I cant expect them to understand me AND successfully complete my order. Can I?! ?Keep looking for another morning caffeine kick or pony up an extra couple of bucks for Starbucks across the street.
I guy named Rodrigo identified himself like a manager on Sunday morning  he was talking about a costumers dress in front of me with a crew member and messed up my order. I asked to cancel my order and process a refund I dont tolerate a guy like this to make fun of girls in front of me. He also suggested me to call to the costumer service number if had any complaint. I am wondering if the operator is aware of this guy? I am not coming back and also will suggest my wife do the same.
Eh. ?Its a McDonalds. That being said food was hot and customer service was actually far above what I would normally expect here. ?It even seems clean.
I agree with Sameer. ?Usually Mickey Ds is the same everywhere. ?I think this one is a half step below the rest. ?I also was annoyed that there is no place to turn in from the opposite side of the street and you have to go down to LBJ and make a U turn to get there.
WORST! MCDONALDS! EVER! ?Im not a huge fan of Mickey Ds but when your driving cross country theres nothing better than a MDs cheeseburger. ?Theres no crap falling out all over the place its one concise package. ?That being said this was awful. ?I was hungry late in the day yesterday and thought Id walk next door to my neighborhood Mickey Ds. ?Normally I have a hamburger and cheeseburger no fries no drink but today I had the Asian salad with grilled chicken. ?The chicken had this slimy goup all over it. ?It made the chicken inedible as well as the salad beneath it. ? My friend had a six piece chicken nugget and a fish fillet. ?Both were horrible. ?My friend is a connoisseur of MDs fish fillet sandwich and he found it intolerable. ?The nuggets were devoid of their normal processed flavor which in this case is a bad thing. ?Overall a horrible experience and Ill never go back to this one.
Well this is one of the few that have not managed to screw up my simple orders and the drive thru moves quickly. But I sweat they always seem to have the mcrib. How is this possible?
This is quite possibly the worst McDonalds around. I walked into the door and was welcomed by a big yellow cone where the lady was cleaning the floor allowing no room to get in the door.As I approached the counter to order one of the hispanic women started screaming obscenities at the top of her voice at someone in the back which caused my girlfriend to have to cup her ears due to it being such a loud scream.As I sat down at the table to eat the lady washing the floors came by our table and hit me in the leg about  times with her dirty a$$ mop.I know what Im getting into rolling into a McDs...but man this place is bruuuutal!
Doesnt offer Sweet N Low with the coffee only the blue or yellow stuff that are about as tasty as mixing in dirt. So today I tried another of their McCafe Vanilla Shakes and as I reported in a previous review just after the McCafe line was first introduced it still sucks. If you plan to take this home by the time you get there it will be a thin runny lukewarm gruel with a sensory experience about as appealing as yak cum. Apparently the thick icy shakes of yesteryear were insufficiently profitable and the accountants elbowed their way into the kitchen. They blew it. Bad. But hey the fries are still good thats worth a star.
I am not a big fan of mcdonalds and rarely eat here unless my little makes a special request. The quality of ingredients are subpar and not worth what they are charging. Staff is friendly drive- thru is normally pretty fast so if you like mcdonalds this isnt a bad location
Clean restaurant fast service. ?With that being said at the end if the day its still a McDonalds.
We visit this McDonalds about once per week for breakfast. ?One week they forgot to put the syrup and butter in our bag but assured me it was at the bottom under the food. ?When I arrived home the items were not there. ?Yesterday we went back and I had to ask for the syrup for the pancakes and sugar for my tea. ?The food lady said If you want condiments you need to tell the cashier because we do not have time to talk to you. ?We are on a time limit to get the cars out of the drive-thru. ?If you do not ask for the condiments while giving your order we will not give them to you. ?This is such a sad state that the employees are so rude about their job and employers are so rough on getting customers through like cattle. ?By the way McDonalds when a person orders pancakes syrup should be provided without asking. ?When a person orders a biscuit butter should be provided without asking. ?When a person orders tea of coffee the order taker should ask if creamsugar is needed. ?I
This McDonalds is poorly ran. They Always cean the bathrooms from  to  AM . When they are busy. Today my little girl  needed to go potty . I told the lady  that spoke very little English that my little had to go potty very bad . She just said sorry . We had to go to subway . I yes you guess right . My little girl did not make it in time  they can kiss it . We ill not be back and we will tell everybody not to go to this loction
March   my experience at this McDonalds was beyond describing. After waiting at the drive thru and then entering the store only to be told No McFish Bites and No Ice Cream and made to feel like an old man out of place I was given the phone contact for McDonalds CUSTOMER SERVICE by the store Manager I was given --- DIAL THIS NUMBER. ?It is an Asian Sex Phone Line.And this number was given to me by the Hispanic Manager on Duty Ms Ella Gonzalez. ? I have this piece of paper in a Bank Vault. So if you are in need of having your Big Mac Serviced then call McDonalds Customer Relations. They will bite your fish.
Food... Although my nuggets were a little over cooked. The service.... I waited  minutes  not exaggerating! for my dollar burger and an order of nuggets. I will visit a different McDonalds if I feel like having their food while Im in this area. Chilis gets food to you in  minutes... And they arent considered a fast food restaurant.
If you really need to go to McDonalds you should try this one. ?They dont have WiFi here but there is a CHANDELIER in the middle of the dining room which has wood trim everywhere and framed fake paintings on the wall. ?It has a very classy feel to the place and I would hang out here if only my friends wouldnt just refuse the thought.Also the McCafe drinks are quite good but they are still quite expensive. ?If you want a cheap espresso you should go to the lobby of the Richardson Library. ?Cappuccinos Mochas etc are just  cents a cup.
Well its you know McDonalds. Ive never been inside here but Ive done the drive-thru easily a half dozen times or more over the years. Its not a fancy location and its somewhat tedious to get in and out of but Ive never had any food or service complaints. I had one of their new Cheddar Bacon Onion burgers the other day and it was very good although Id prefer a slice of cheddar over the Cheez-Wiz kind of stuff that was on it but thats not the fault of this particular location obviously. Again no complaints other than non-trivial ingressegress.
This has to be the slowest McDonalds on earth.  minutes to get out  happy meals makes me not happy Stay away from this location
Not the cleanest of those owned by the Reiley family- They also own Legacy Coit ParkerCoit and Spring CreekIndependence- Im sure their are others too- this is probably the least impressive in our area..No playground small parking lot- everything else is standard McDonalds
Never again will I go to this McDs or ANY OReilly owned McDs if they cant hire quality people! I went through the drive thru and ordered a simple Big Mac no middle bun no cheese. ?I get home and open my box to find buns mac sauce lettuce and a pickle....no meat thats right NO MEAT none! ?I tried calling the number on the receipt only to get a fax machine which only pissed me off more. I drove BACK to McDs and go inside and ask WTH is wrong with them! ?I am laughed at by the KIDS working there and no one can tell me that they did not make this sandwich like this intentionally bc of the way I requested it. ?And to top it off this is the nd time this has happened! ?I threw a fit! ?The Mgr took my order again I told her I wanted HER to make it. ?These people arent worth the minimum wage theyre paid if theyre that stupid! ?I have a picture and would love to post but cant see where to do so.
McDonalds is McDonalds. Not much to say when you write a review about it other than specifics. Here goes.The outside is decorated very nicely. There is a VERY spacious patio area with an HDTV you can watch games on. It is situated directly adjacent to a very large soccer field that is often used. Unfortunately this means that at night during games and practices the parking lot is mostly full due to people parking there for their games.Do not let the parking lot fool you if there is a game in progress. Its probably not very packed at all.Another thing relates to the free wifi. They have the power outlets inside ONLY under a large HD tv where they have  comfortable chairs set up. This tells me they only want people using the internet over there and not at the tables keeping the tables open. From a business perspective this is smart. From a me being annoyed when I cant use my computer for a long time at a table perspective this sucked.My air conditioner went out one day and I needed a place to work I work from home. I went to this McDonalds and had so slump over my laptop all day under a TV blaring ESPN.Also this place fills up right after the nearby high school lets out in the afternoon and stayed this way for a couple of hours until the parents picked most of the children up. They even have a rent-a-cop during this time who looked like he hated his life.The people working the counter are usually very polite when I go which is usually at night. Ive never used the drive-through.
Ok so I arrive here with a coupon that says order  extra value meal and get a like sandwich. ?Key word...like. ?My options for my meal included either  big mac or  cheeseburgers. ?I order  cheeseburgers. ?Then for my sandwich I request  additional cheeseburgers. ?The manager tells me no I can only get  not . ?Duhhh...I said why do u think like is emphasized in the wording??? ?Again she said I can only get  sandwich not . ?Fine. ?Of course then I looked for the biggest sandwich I could find....the Bacon Angus Cheeseburger which I think may cost more than the value meal alone and quite frankly probably shouldnt be honored since it wasnt a part of the deal to begin with. ?Oh well.....On top of that Im still callin corporate to complain.....Im entitled to my  cheeseburgers.
Tried the McCafe Moca today. ?Pretty good. ?Not sure if I like it more than Starbucks. ?Its about a dollar cheaper than Starbucks. ?People at this place are ultra friendly. ?Had to park to get a mocha which seemed kinda weird. ?No big deal. ?I wasnt in a hurry.
ALRIGHT so before I start my rant...l was super excited to eat at McDonalds because well we all crave fast food every once in a while wouldnt you agree? First off when did high school kids become so disrespectful?? Mama Kang would have definitely regulated on a few of them. Maybe backhanded a couple others...anyway I understand when you come to visit a friend at work you get a little chitty chatty. We all do it But when it gets to the point where you are just unaware of the line behind you then a slap to the back of the head is what you deserve. I waited and waited for these kids who werent ordering to move out of the way so I could get my hamburger happy meal with some ice cream. ?The employee their friend was not even doing anything to get his friends out of the way so that he can assist the hungry people in line. ?I waited a total of  minutes to even order which has never happened before at a Mcdonalds. ?What made the experience even more aggravating was the fact that an older woman with a manager badge was not doing anything to diffuse the situation but instead laughed with the kids. ?This isnt coming from a snooty tongue especially because Im pretty easily pleased when it comes to food and service but this was a bit over the top. We all know what Mcdonalds taste like so I dont have to go into detail about that...overall I cured my craving but this experience was something to talk about in a bad way that I havent done in awhile...Like i said Im easily pleased! Also turn on the dang AC! Or fix it or something! Cmon now hungry people + heat = raging lions. Step up your game Mcdonalds on Coit and Belt line. Thanks.
They just officially lost my business. The drive through female and male were both extremely rude. The girl took my order and then just disappeared. I asked for my total and then a guy comes through the drive through speaker. I ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin minus the sausage with extra egg. The wanted to charge me for that!!! I work in the food service industry so I have an idea of the food cost. So Ill drive the extra miles and go to jack n the box... Not one more penny is going to the most successful over payed fast food ?franchise ?who begs for our money all the time for charity. Hope the  egg and worst customer service was worth losing the business that my friends and family gave you. Fyi.. Jack n the box charges also but theyre way nicer and actually make it fresh. Thanks Jack for hiring decent ppl. Could you train Ronald
I work directly across from this place and go for coffee usually - rarely the breakfast. ?They ALWAYS get my order wrong - especially through the drive-through. ?Be careful for overcharging - and be specific with your order otherwise they will give you a larger size than what you asked for. ?It has happened to us so many times. ?And the manager during the morning here sucks. ?I told her that they made a mistake to my order and she rolled her eyes as if I did something wrong.
 stars is about as good a review as a McDonalds can get. ?Its McDonalds what more can you say? ?I reviewed this one because their coca-cola had the best syrup to soda ratio I have ever had it tasted like straight out of the bottle. ?Kinda random review I guess.
I think there is two entries for this location so this is an update of my first review. I have now received the wrong items  trips in a row along with ice cold french fries. I ordered the Jalape??o Chicken Sandwich and received the Spicy Chicken sandwich instead.
Service sucked the workers were gossiping in Spanish near the drive thru window while we waited to be served took them around  minutes to notice we were here and then messed up our order!
Its McDonalds so we already know the food is decent and slightly over priced. ?But the staff here is bad. None of them speak english. They are slow. They will mess your order up so be sure to check it before leaving the drive thru.
Worst mcds ever. Looks fancy but management obviously doesnt care about service. My sister wanted some fries and a cheeseburger one night after playing some pool at Rack Daddys so I headed over to this location because its a block away from home. After paying them $ for something Im sure cost them about a nickel I asked if I could have a dipping sauce or two for the fries.No. You have to order a  piece nugget or more for sauces. Sorry. ...then closed the drive through door and walked away. Are you fking kidding me? I knew I should have just gone to the Whataburger another block north on Coit and next time I will.
Poor service. Waited  minutes in the drive through with some poor person blasting rap right behind me. Would choose any other fast food place over this location in particular. Do not eat here.
This used to be one of the very best McDonalds anywhere then the ownership changed apparently to corporate and the location has not been the same since. Service is often hap hazard and the employees  I guarantee will talk and talk and let you wait at the counter. The interior of this McDonalds is one of those unique ones done up in black and white and while it is beginning to reflect its age when the place is clean still looks good. Busy drive through as this is on a ?main Plano street.
Very friendly staff. They greeted me right when I walked in the door. I also saw them checking up on people while sipping my coffee. The interior has great decor and the restaurant is clean. The childrens play area is nice and there is plenty of seating for parents nearby. I used their Wi-Fi connection while eating breakfast and it was very fast. Very pleasant experience. This is a top notch McDonalds and compared to other McDonalds restaurants Im giving it five stars. Im looking forward to coming back again soon.
Dont ever go here in the evening between midnight and am. The staff are as dumb as rocks slow cant understand them when trying to place an order. Oh and usually between this time its Cash only because for some reason it takes  or more hours to batch out their credit card machine. Not to mention the wait time. One time it took over  minutes for my sweet tea and fruit & yogurt parfait. Terrible service all around dont let its fancy interior fool you.
We stopped at this McDonalds because it was on our way to my sisters house. ?The food was good fast as always but I dont know why they took forever to brew up a pot of coffee plus they forgot I had ordered it probably because the manager and all the employees were chatting and not paying attention to customers. ?The indoor play area could use a little cleaning up.
A McDs in a kinda sketchy area. ?Ive been through the drive thru for breakfast a couple of times. ?The only thing to really note is they have two places you can order from in the drive thru. ?Dont be an idiot and sit at the first one for too long with out moving to the next one to order like I did. ?Doh. ?Otherwise enjoy!
I was just so excited to get to work call you guys then make a yelp review. Why? Because you mess something up every single time I go there. Why do I keep going there? Because it is the closest thing to my work in the morning for a quick breakfast. Now Ill just have to get something closer to my house and eat in the car BECAUSE OF HOW TERRIBLE YALL ARE. You have one job...one SUPER EASY JOB. Take my order take my money put my order in the bag and make sure it is correct. When I get to the window and ask Did you remember the Honey Mustard nicely. and you give me this smirk of Heck yes I did well that is just fantastic because you guys always forget the sauces I ASK AND PAY FOR. But this one time you remember. Thats not the part Im complaining about. Im complaining because you remembered my Honey Mustard but forgot my  hash browns! I shouldnt have to check my bag at the window when I receive my order. That is just absurd. HOW HARD IS IT TO GET AN ORDER RIGHT WHEN IT IS JUST  HASHBROWNS AND HONEY MUSTARD. How much money do they make ezra by saving food and forgetting your food even though you pay. Then once we check we are long gone and too far to even turn around and WAIST OUR TIME to get our order right. Pathetic place you will always stay minimum wage because the simplest of things you can NOT complete. I dont care if it is just a Mcdonalds. Its a business that makes thousands of dollars a day. DO IT RIGHT. If I could give this negative stars I would. I wish I could travel back in time and build something in the lot of this McDonalds just so I would know this place would never exist here.
Dirtiest filthiest McDonalds Ive ever been to. ?Filthy floors in an empty restaurant filthy credit card machines dirty rags hanging on the garbage bins. ?Will never be back. ?Gross gross. ?Avoid unless you want a communicable disease or food poisoning. ?Ick. ?How do they pass their health department check? The jewel on the crown was a salad full of warm wilted lettuce. ?Didnt dare eat it.
Do not go in. Walk across the street & get a day old shriveled up hot dog from ?the -. Just take my word for it.
Would you like any ketchup on your tray?Huh? Oh right you consider this a ghetto location where people will for some reason make off with ALL THE KETCHUP if you give them a chance. So its hoarded doled out packet by precious packet. Want a bit more? Better be ready for the glowers as the manager puts one additional packet on your tray. Oh the sign that screamed no loitering was also a very nice touch. Thats not going to be enough?Nope Im going to bathe in it. Im going to bring it to the homeless downtown and barter with your precious expensive Protip not expensive packets for a couple of bottlecaps or maybe even a Radaway if I manage to pry  of them out of your grasp. When the lights go out Im heading here crowbar in hand because dammit I want those ketchup packets.But not their sweet & sour sauce. You want extra of that you gotta pay.
This one should be bull-dozed down and only a few maybe some current employees should be transferred to a different location and the rest...Let Go.Plus Mr. Bucket The Homeless Guy with a sign pan-handling would have to find another location within Highway  other than waiting for drive-thru customers to exit and his other locations on Highway .
I came here  days ago just yesterday morning Sunday on our family road trip up to Seattle. ?Being on a busy driving schedule we did the drive-thru but was greatly disappointed at what I got.I think I made a simple order -  McChicken sandwiches with no mayo for myself and an Oreo McFlurry for my son and a cup of water. ?I have ordered McChicken sandwiches with no mayo at countless McDonalds for the last  years across the US and they get it right about %+ of the time.This time however as I started munching on the sandwiches while continuing our drive up I- we noticed that BOTH sandwiches not only missed the NO mayo request but BOTH sandwiches had DOUBLE mayo both on top and below the chicken patty. ?Instead of a NO mayo option I ended up with a QUADRUPLE mayo-portions for the day. ?It was too late to go back and complain and request a correction. ? I was too hungry too so I just ate them both but felt my heart clogging up for the rest of the afternoon.My order did show up correct on the order confirmation screen in the Drive-Thru window and the order did print up correctly on my receipt but the totally incorrect product turned up in my bag unfortunately. ?Ill call the feedback number on the receipt to report the incident so they can hopefully figure out where they went wrong.I believe the rest of their operations is probably good but I am commenting on my specific incident here which was my only visit to this McDonalds.
I come here often because it is very close. While the people there are very nice and helpful i have the same issue. Every time i order it is ALWAYS wrong. ?ALWAYS. I ordered a chicken wrap plain no cheese crispy. I get lettuce sauce and grilled. I ordered fries and got apple slices. This is just one of many errors they make. I would not come here again or recomend it. This is the only location that gets my order wrong that many times.
The Sherwood McDonalds for as long as Ive lived in the area is probably one of the worst fast-food places Ive been to. Unfortunately in the interest of convenience and time constraints we end up running through the drive-thru on rare occasion.Earlier this week they once again met my expectations for being incompetent apathetic and a waste of money.I ordered a couple meals. - pc Chicken nugget meals w hot mustard and a plain cheeseburger.How many dipping sauces are you supposed to get with the nuggets?  per.We got  total. += using their new math I guess. - plain cheeseburger. I guess at the Sherwood McDonalds that means you REALLY want a plain chicken sandwich because a chicken sandwich is what we received.Fries - COLD CHEWY NO SALT and the one medium fry was filled half way - I have a picture Im attaching.Theyve installed visual ordering screens in the drive-thru but theyve managed to completely defeat that failsafe of the customer confirming what they ordered when the staff cant manage to pay enough attention to what they are putting in the bags.Do yourself a favor. Do NOT go to this place. I never like to see businesses fail but in this case it would be doing the paying community a great service.
Fries are almost always limp and cold here. Ordered a coffee in drive through  so did car ahead of me i was told it would be done brewing in a minute and to pull into the waiting spot like the car ahead. Waited  minutes and finally car ahead went inside and cones out to tell me they forgot about us. I go inside to get coffee and manager was snarky about the whole situation!
I cant do zero stars so this place gets  star. ?They nickel and dime you for sauces and add-ons here AND in spite of the fact that theres a neon sign that says Drive through open  hours they are only open until pm. Really????  hour sign glowing and you close at pm?????
We have tried several times to give this location chances. No more chances bad food service is slow at drive up. Plus after midnight we have been told no use of credit or debit cards at pick up window not at drive up screen.Cold food ?more than once along with watered down drinks due being poured early with many cars in front of us after we have ordered. Manager could care less ?he ignored us when we asked for him. We drive out of Sherwood to get McDonalds until new management.
I apologize ahead of time to the owners for giving bad publicity to this McDonalds but over the few times I have visited this location I have not had one good experience.  points for the Double K to consider. If a customer asks for a refund after waiting over  minutes for a  piece nugget meal for their kid your managers should show some sort of logic when dealing with upset people maybe asking for the reason why a refund is being requested maybe even go so far as to motivate the employees to not spend the majority of their shift texting on their phones.. If your staff cannot handle the business from the counter AND the drive through at the same time maybe NOT such a good idea to ADD another drive through lane another way to slam the staff with orders they cannot fill within a reasonable time!. In the process of remodeling any of your locations and there is no regular restaurant seating a suggestion to accommodate your customers during this temporary situation would be to keep the Play Place seating open until close so customers have a place to eat in.There are many more i could give but here are just a few suggestions from  separate visits in hopes the reason for this kind of service is due to you guys not knowing what goes on in this restaurant.
Every few months I get this sudden urge to make terrible life decisions... like eating at McDonalds or developing a debilitating drug addiction. ?This location provided an extra bad breakfast experience and I probably should have just opted for some crack instead in retrospect. ?Even though I immediately stuffed my hash brown in my face it was a bit on the lukewarm side. ?Im used to food served at a temperature that can burn off a few layers of skin if youre not careful. ?Honestly though its McDonalds --- what can you expect? ?Two stars because despite a decent line I wasnt stuck there for ages.
The service was fine. ? The fish in the fish sandwich looked and tasted like it had been reheated a couple times and burnt a bit ?in the process. ?Dark brown and dry. ?Maybe left over from lunch which was  hours before I bought it.The fries were only slightly over done.Does anyone at Mickeys even care anymore as they watch their business crumble?
By far the worst McDonalds I have ever been to in my life. Its filthy the employees look like drug addicts and criminals and the few times Ive went here Ive had the worst Mickey Ds food of my life.
They cannot take an order.  times and got ill prepared food every time .Writing corporate because the Mcdoubles had the cheese placed wrong. Extra onions..I said none. I said extra pickles..got none. Go here if its free or you are too drunk to care....ONLY.
On occasion I may exaggerated. ?But this place gets my order wrong litterally every single time.. the sad thing is that I dont even like their food its just the ONLY place open when I get off or am going to work. The only saving grace is the drive thru team. ?They are constantly sweet and apologetic for their kitchen staffs ineptitudes.
Id give zero stars or negative if it were possible. This McDonalds threatens to tow anyone who parks in the expansive lot next door. Even when it is almost always vacant. And this reach of jerkiness extends to the alley parking behind over and out. Seriously?! A parking lot that would more than accommodate both your clientele And that of the nearby observatory restaurant? Not cool bro. Not cool at all.
Ive been waiting  minutes for oatmeal OMG this is crazy I had to walk in and its still not ready
Despite less than fantastic reviews posted previously we decided to stop here for a quick take away brekky and got their bacon and egg biscuit with a hash brown. Quick and efficient service hot freshly cooked food plus it was delicious! We dont get biscuit brekky in Australia so it was a real treat for me and Im loving American biscuits!!!
Great place to park when youre going to The Observatory or Roscoes...
Still manages to under impress....Look we all know McDs but somehow someway this one always seems to be worse than the others. The servers are grumpy the napkins are always out no wifi even though their coffee cups tell me otherwise... Should I go on? ?Yes because Ive only been here for breakfast and there always seems to be a meth-cooker convention. If you can afford something else go there. If you cant enjoy a different slice of life.
 Big Macs for $ every Thursday. That leaves you with some spare change for that hooker you met at the bus stop on the corner of nd and Stark. So its like three-fer-Thursday!!!-hour drive through in case you feel like punishing your body in the middle of the night too. Thats when the most hookers are hanging around at that bus stop anyway.
Ew. There are plenty of more interesting places to eat.
I did it for you...Okay weve all been there. This morning I decided to try out this new fangled chicken biscuit for breakfast. ?Not sure what all played into that idea. ?Maybe it was my craving for McFood after last nights Yelp event at the Dockside. ?Maybe it was the commercial right before I pulled into the drive through whatever. ?At any rate I did it for you. ?I tried it so you dont have to. ?Turns out the chicken is different. ?Its moist & the batter is appealing to the eye. ?But as soon as you get one whiff you know thats some funky chicken. ?I think maybe they reached a little too far with this one. ?They tried to be too southern or too something and they screwed it up with some herb or flavor that just shouldnt be there. ?I think maybe it was dill? ?Either way its all wrong. ?Take my word for it stick to the sausage on that biscuit.
I had just gotten off work and wanted to watch the sunrise about the clouds and mt hood so I needed something quick. The drive thru was clean and I was the only car around am. The first lady was very friendly but the guy that handed me my mcmuffin didnt seem very cheerful. Thats about the only problem I had. The mcmuffin tasted very good and was just the correct temperature.My experience only deals with the drive thru. Will update review if I ever go in 
McDonalds food is usually as it always. Mediocre. But you know that when you go to McDonalds.The thing that just bugs me is that it seems McDonalds not just this one but all of them has a thing against customer service. Not once have I been impressed with service friendliness or attentiveness. And my standard and expectation for McDonalds are already exceptionally low and I still get disappointed every time.Wont be back here for sure.
Have to agree with others this is a lousy McDonalds. Terribly slow only one register open guy yawning constantly even though only  pm. But the Food was hot.
Im a broke college student so McDs is always an option. Entering the establishment I was taken back at the cleanliness of the restaurant. There was no line for me to order my food which is always convenient. Staff were pretty friendly and well groomed. One guy even had a Bible in his hand. The employee that attended me actually had a warm smile on her face this is unexpected to say the least. Food was hot and had some flavor of substance. Quality of food however is up to par with Taco Bell and other places that serve recycled dirty diapers. In short I had an okay experience. I actually felt like I was in a McDonalds commercial. I recommend the McGangbang. A double cheeseburger and McChicken smothered within two buns.
Day crew is very nice. Night crew is very rude.
This McDonalds is the worst for service speed and quality of food. ?The fries are always cold and the staff could care less about customers.
This place is always slow and it seems like their employees are more interested in texting than working
I have tried this place twice. I hated it both the times. The fried were dry and the chicken sandwich had a really greasy patty and a single dried up lettuce. I couldnt eat it. The second time I tried the food here I got a stomach ache. I am done with this place. Need more food choices inside the terminal not just outside.
Tried the mcdud twice now what a big mistake. Ordered the Big Mac meal fries were hard as a rock and tasted  days oldAnd the Big Mac had no pickles.Second time ordered the same thing no pickles again even though I made a point of telling the server what happened. And the bun was so stale I thought it was toasted
Yeah I know. ?McDonalds. ?If I rated the  best burgers Ive had none would be McDonalds. ?Sometimes though convenience rules.If thats the case this particular McDonalds flat out executes what they are supposed to in fast food. ?Its hot its fresh its clean and they are quick. ?The fries a particular highlight are consistently hot nicely salted and made right.The best fast food in our area is that one particular DQ over on MacArthur Boulevard Ive reviewed that one but this Mickey Ds has a drive-thru and is  hours.If youre in a pinch and need a fast food fix this is the place to go in Central Couv.
McDonalds always has good french fries and for prefab strawberry milkshakes they are pretty good. But have they done away with the ingredient pink slime in their hamburgers yet?
Its cheap food. Hit and miss with service. Sketchy as fuck especially the mens room. So basically your typical McMeal experience for an older restaurant that hasnt been updated since the s. Oh and theres the fact that it seems like every time I visit theyre training somebody new. What are the odds right?
Its McDonalds....enough said.
You eat this food at your own risk!!
I agree with the guy who said eat at your own risk!! ?If you dont believe me ?rent a documentary called  Food inc. ?. ?I was horrified at what I saw. ?I will never eat at a mcdonals KFC Wendys or other fat food place besides burgerville again.
OK. ?So the one thing McDonalds is supposed to be is consistent. ?Yesterday the fries tasted like they had been cooked in very old oil. ?Thats the only thing McDonalds has going for them is the fries so this was not what I was looking for.. ?Not cool at all. ?It took awhile for the aftertaste to go away.
I ordered  large coffees one with  creams and the other black coffee so I can take to my co-worker but b leaving I ask for cream & sugar. The manager looked at me & said you didnt order any I asked again & he said I would need ur receipt & I need to add it to the order on my computer. There were people waiting in line so I told him to forget it. I left very disappointed. They count cream & sugar! Oh during the evening they only take cash. SNAKES!!
Terrible customer service with long waits by incompetent workers. Hire more employees so the wait time isnt so long. Remodel in process. Hopefully they will hire better as well
I go to this restraint and  times i have been ripped off ? I ordered  large size # I pay at window  and at window  they hand me  bag w burgers and  large cokes and rudely shut the window on me when they finely re open the window they tell me What I say ed Im missing my Frys there reply was i did not order Frys so after fighting to get what i payed for they shut the window on me and yell at what they says was the manager and re open the window and hand me  small fays and they replied here manager says you can have small Frys on a nother note i place my order and pay get home and find out my order is completely wrong ill be missing items and what should be large is occurs small people are rude and unprofessional
Recently renovated typically clean.Employees are friendly enough. ?While not jumping at the chance to go the extra mile in kindness no one has ever been outwardly disrespectful.The food is typical of McDonalds standard. ?And like almost any other resturant some days the food might be more chilled or not as fresh.All in all I am okay with eating here when I choose fast food.That being said I would like to see an improvement in staff cleanliness. ?For instance-after you sneeze in your hands please do not pick up a cup and hand it to me. ? Same goes for running your hands through our hair coughing ect.Wash up! before continuing service! ?But these incidents are case by case preformed by the individual not specifically the restaurant. ?And this is something that I feel no matter where I go. ?Cleanliness is next to godliness. ?Also just point blank a good practice.
Pretty bad even by fast food standards. Ive been there twice and the first time the drive thru guy cut me off right when I was beginning an order and then took the orders of three people in another lane before I finally pushed in and made my order through the drive in window. I got my order it was cold and not the right sandwich.Second time I went my iced tea was warm with no ice and tasted like corn syrup. Undrinkable. The mcflurry I ordered was half full and it looked as though someone had taken a few bites out of it already. Didnt eat it for fear that someone had already used the spoon.Cmon McDonalds. I know this is fast food but it doesnt have to be completely incompetent.
Not very clean food handlers not using gloves ?one was even wearing her purse while cooking burgers.Really?
Forgot half my order then made me wait  mins to correct it. Not very fast food.
Rude! Rude! Rude! ?Many of the people who work here are pleasant but the management of this restaurant is just rude. ?My car was damaged by one of the cashiers opening the drive thru window without looking and the manager repeatedly tried to accuse me of driving too close. ?I have been a Micky Ds manager before and what you are supposed to so is  apologize  get information from the customer  forward to your insurance carrier and  apologize again. ?None of this happened until I called the district manager. ?This McDonalds or any others in the franchise will never see my business again.
Your typical mcds.They will mess up your order Theres ?a real dollar menuGet the buffalo ranch mchicken mmmmm
I got the premium chicken sandwiches. For five dollars each. The size was anything but premium. The buns were small to begin with but the meat was % smaller than the bun. ?I guess Ill be getting my premium sandwiches somewhere else from now on. The taste and texture was very good and the service was not bad either. If you want to eat a good burger go to Five Guys. Five Guys tastes better and you get a bigger bang for your buck. You need to step up your game McDonalds otherwise Five Guys is going to be on every corner which I dont mind.
Dishonest employees. They are currently running their Monopoly game at all the McDonalds. I ordered a  piece McNugget which comes with  game pieces. I got two  pieces nugget boxes which gets me to my  so all is fine... *But* what an employee did is they took off the Monopoly game pieces on  of the nugget boxes and stacked that one in the bag first so it was on the bottom of the bag and not visible. They stacked the untouched box on top of it so I couldnt tell that the bottom one was missing the game pieces. I called Martha who manages the place to let her know whats going on she offered me the two game pieces if I wanted to come back and get them which I refused because I do not want to drive there again and could care less about the game. I just wanted to let people know in case this also happens. Just real petty stuff but thought I would share.
Eww... My lil bro loves it here so my family will take him once and a while. I never eat here. I dont know where their food comes from so I dont know how healthy the food is. I gave up fast food when I was in th grade cause it was making me sick. McDonalds has always been nasty and I cant see how people can eat this stuff! It aint that good for people stop eating it!! Thank you
Im not a fan of fast food health risks but I still eat the occasional burger when I am in a hurry. This McDonalds is always fast and reliable and for that I say Thank you McDonalds!
At first this McDonalds location was an angel because even though breakfast was over they had some leftover and were able to fulfill our orders.But that was it.The cashier who was the manger was oh so....unfriendly. ?Not even a smile. ?It was like what do you want? ?It wasnt just with me and my party but towards other customers. ?Like gee did you get up from the wrong side of the bed or what?Then my fiance dumped his sweet tea as it was bitter.A friend of mine dumped his coffee as it was horrible.Friendly service and fresh beverage would have definitely saved this place.
Not the best McDonalds Ive ever been to. ?The chicken nuggets arrived a bit cold and it just wasnt the same. ?I rarely eat McDonalds but when I do I am really craving a few chicken nuggets and crispy french fries. ?If you cant do that right Ill skip it all together and find a different place in the mall to placate my salty greasy needs.
Doing brisk business. Food ready in less than  seconds. Unpalatable ?but my child got an LPS toy which she was very happy about and exactly three apple slices which she and baby sister fought for while eschewing the nuggets and fries. Good girls!
EVERY TIME I go to this McDonalds I swear the line cook must be a smoker with no taste buds. No matter what sandwich I get its WAY over salted. They seriously ruin the food every time I visit which is daily as I work in the mall. They have decent customer service some are more polite and knowledgeable. However I dont think the others have business holding a customer service job.
I mostly do not go to McDonalds....then realized that when I do? ?I always go here. ?Maybe it is the only game in town over this way.....but in any event they have always been awesome. ? hour drive through in and out and on the road again Hwy . ?I only use the drive through so I cant comment on the lobby.
I rarely go to McDonalds but one day I was thinking about the chocolate dipped ice cream comes I used to get as a kid and I decided to stop by and get one. Not only did they not have them but when I compared their menu to the corporate menu I realized they dont have many of the items that are supposed to be part of the standard menu.
This is the only McDonalds near my work and probably for everyone else unless you you drive south into DT Portland or go across the bridge. Tried to give this place a chance after a couple of screw ups but I just cant do it anymore. And heres why.One look at the storefront photo. I uploaded that photo here at the time of this review but it was originally taken early in the year mainly because I had another bad experience and I need to tell everyone not to come here any more because they suck.So the first time as the photo shows a dead small black fly on the lettuce in my Classic Crispy Chicken Sandwich. I usually order it without mayo and when I got my sandwich the st time guess what? It had mayo. I just dont get why they cant read instructions properly or anything. Why cant the condiment be separate and not default? Its so frustrating. Any way nd time I got the sandwich they got it right except for the fly part. I already went in my car so I said F it so I just took the picture as proof and then ripped the contaminated area on the lettuce.I didnt go to this location for awhile after this incident but I was craving Chicken McNuggets and so since it isnt a fresh produce item or whatever I decided it wouldnt be a big deal. Boy was I wrong. I think this might have happened twice but I counted my nuggets and it was missing  in the  or  piece meal. I shouldnt have to count how many nuggets I have but sadly these people cant do their job. I dont even get much time to eat lunch so I didnt have time to go back and complain. Im done with this location any way so if Im craving a sandwich or Chicken McNuggets from here Ill just drive across the bridge and go there because it probably isnt crap like this location. They know they are serving a ton of people since they are the only location but they just do such a bad job. The fries are a bit overpriced too and some other things in case any of you were thinking you can get a decent deal on Large Fries. The best place for that would be the Beaverton location near Uwajimaya off highway  I think thats it.Conclusion If you crave McDonalds don t go to this location unless you want dead flies in ?your burgerssandwiches or missing Chicken McNuggets.
Stopped in the Drive Thru at this location for a McDouble at around pm. I asked for it to be made without salt on the meat. When I get to the window the lady said rather rudely that they could not make it that way because...get this...they had already cooked all the meat for the night and the grill was closed down.I said So if I drive up and order a burger at am youre telling me that youre going to serve me meat that was cooked  hours ago? She said Yeah well thats the way all McDonalds operate.Disgusting. I know McDonalds isnt exactly known for the highest standards but serving burgers made fresh to order with -hour-old cooked meat is just downright NASTY.
Im a Sucker for an Egg McMuffin
This is fast-food. I rolled through the drive thru a little after  in the evening there were a few cars in front of me and I waited all of one minute at the window. ? I ordered the supreme Quarter Pounder with Cheese the largest fry and two apple pies it cost me just a little teeny more than eight buck. ? Service was friendly helpful and reasonably quick. ? Honestly everything was good quality in fresh the quarter pounder supreme was very filling and tasty and the fries I honestly couldnt finish. ? The only reason I havent given this MacDonalds a  star is because well it is fast food and its not like theyre making gourmet $ burgers. I got what I paid for and what I expected and was pleased I would be happy to go back if I was in the mood for this style of fast food.
A McDonalds that doesnt accept cards? ?StupidA McDonalds that doesnt accept cards? ?StupidA McDonalds that doesnt accept cards? ?Stupid
This McDonalds ruined my lifeBy Anthony GamezThis McDonalds ruined my life by existing. The end
Had to go here a few times when Im pulling  hours a day at work! ?Yeah yeah its McD food Not sure what Zax is talking about its not more expensive here!!! The service is always GREAT they are not cheap on giving you more ketchup salsa and other packages some other cities around here charge extra clean restrooms CLEAN FLOOR & the parking lot is always amazingly neat unlike other McDs....
I would safely guess that this is a franchise and if the owner reads reviews you need to re train or fire your current staff. We NEVER eat fast food for a variety of reasons. The off chance we stopped by and the ONLY time the order was unacceptable. We asked for freshly made items and instead got the leftovers of stale food. We asked specifically for certain items to be left off the meal to which our request was ignored. We paid over $ for a meal that no one ate. While attempting to give your location employee feed back they couldnt be bothered. Clearly my phone call was interfering with their priorities and their lack of concern only impacts your bottom line. We would NEVER go back.Edited to ADD When you are told to wait so they can COOK your food to make sure its newly made and fresh they should be able to stand by their word. I was LIED to and while i waited an additional few moments clearly my meal was not freshly made. It was STALE and OLD. I realize this is fast food but the one time I go and request to have food made specifically so I can eat it they ignore my request lie to me and then proceed to charge me for food that wasnt edible. Thank goodness I am a healthy eater lesson learned.
Ordered the silver meal and asked for the nuggets and the French fries to be cooked fresh as they took the  minutes to get my order together they giver my food and I have cold fries and even colder nuggets. My wife takes on fry back because the kids are hungry and okay with any French fry and I take the nuggets back and they have a nerve to tell me they are fresh after I have that discussion I tell the lady you need to out my fries also the manager tells her they are fresh and guess what not fresh again overall not so great moment at ?McDonalds
More expensive than other MCDs in the area. Same food less value.
Its MacDonalds. ?What do you expect?
Better McDs than most others. New manager made a difference. Plenty of friendly workers and food comes out hot and reasonably okay. No more cold fries and old tasting burgers.
Its a McDonalds. What can I say?The drive-thru hasnt been updated so its still a single lane. But it is one of the quicker drive-thrus in the area. I might have given them three stars except the last time there I was ordering food for  people. When we got back to the house we realized they didnt give us everything ordered and had not gotten the drink order right. Oh well...some days ya just cant have it all.
Just went through the drive thru. Ordered coffee and the two medium fries for $. Was told to pull up to wait for the fries. After  minutes I went inside. Two more minutes they said. I told them to keep the three bucks and left.  minutes for fries! Really? And we are supposed to pay these people $ an hour to make us wait? Really?Im done with McDonalds. I may not spend much at fast food places but not one more dollar is going to them.
Ok so Im not a McDonalds guy. When it comes to fast food food I think Wendys beats just about everything else out there with a drive thru. However Ive got to give it to this and most McDonalds for having clean bathrooms. ?Im not really into doing my business away from home but lets face it sometimes you just dont want or cant wait. When this is the case having a handy Golden Arches is much appreciated. Thanks for the facilities Ronald!
It was gross I choked down the burger. I didnt like the fries either the girl was cute though. The place was filled with old timers nursing cups of coffee and throwing hard looks around. I found myself wondering why this place is so popular. It was about $ bucks I guess you dont get much for $ dollars anymore.
What am I supposed to say its a McDonalds. Im not expecting much. Just get the order right and put my food in the bag is quick as you can. Its so simple but yet you mess up almost every time. That must be why everybody has such a poor attitude who works there. They are so defensive from being yelled that all day long from screwing up. You would think that would be humbling and you would be apologetic to your customers but instead you choose the road of confrontation. What do you expect from somebody who qualifies for the same job as somebody who has murdered  people just got out of prison and dropped out of school in the third grade. By the way this unhappy interaction was with the store manager! ?Probably gets beat it home so when she comes to work its her time to have a power trip and act like she wears the pants for once in her life. Thanks for the wonderful dining experience.
Rude employees for sure. ?Even the manager guy was rude.They have two lines and three windows. ?After ordering from one of the two menusspeakers theres a sharp turn and thats where the first window is. ?I had stopped at that window since there was a car in front of me anyway and no one was there. ?Since no one was standing there and the car in front of me had moved forward I moved forward as well.I looked into the second window and no one was there either but it was blocked offhad a sign to go to the next window. ?I waited for the car in front of me to move while still looking back at that first window because I was % sure the girl that took my order said to go to the next window. ?Still no sign of anyone.I pulled up to the last window and the girl filling cups didnt acknowledge us. ?Finally she opened the window and told another girl to take our debit card. ?That girl probably the youngest out of everyone I could see in the back was friendly and took our debit card without glaring at us like the rest of the employees. ?But she took our card somewhere else.Then the manager man came back with our card and pretty much threw it at me without saying anything. ?The other girl that hadnt acknowledged us but opened the window originally handed us our food and our drinks.Im pretty sure they were being rude to us because we hadnt paid at the other window but Im pretty sure its not the CUSTOMERS fault that the EMPLOYEE at the register WAS NOT AT THE REGISTER.Good thing about franchises especially McDonalds is that you can go to a different one. ?If the staff isnt quite as rude as this one even if theyre still rude Id much rather go anywhere else. ?So sorry YOU made a mistake but dont take it out on us. ?Youre just giving a whole brand a bad name no big.
Youre typical McDeez chain game.I havent been inside just usually going through the drive-thru. Fast service and helpful. Lovin the chicken nuggets fish fillet chicken sandwich anything on the $ or if you want to be creative - the McGangBang! McChicken sandwich in a Double Cheeseburger = delicious grease!Everyone knows that this stuff is bad for you but if youre pinched for time and need something quick. Or youre just stressed out and need some artery cloggin lovin this is a go to place. Finals coming up? How about a Big Mac or  pieces of chicken nuggets? Some sweet tea? Nothings better than having a little bit of McDeez in your life. Its everywhere you go and better yet they got a Red Box outside for you to rent some movies. If youre craving some unhealthy goodness go to McDeez and get your fix!
Asked for sausage egg mcmuffin. Paid for sausage on a muffin. Received biscuit with only egg and cheese. Biggest waste of time. If you cant execute dont attempt.
McDonalds not where you would think to go for fish balls? Stay with that thinking. The best part of the meal was the fries naturally. Second came the whole origami thing building the little platform for the tarter sauce cup. I could not find anything fun to do with my fish balls after eating three of them to confirm that this was a very very bad idea. Not nasty tasting depending on your view of McDonald fish sandwich I like em. With all of the parts together not deconstructed in this manner. There is cheaper food products to throw if you want to start a food fight in one of their restaurants.The fish balls are incommodious.Or simply stated yak.
I was there this past Sunday and I experienced terrible customer service. The dinning room was also filthy. There were no napkins and the ketchup area was a mess. ?While I was ordering in the dinning room there was a girl who worked there was on her break chatting non-work related with her co-worker behind the register. ?After I finished my food I wanted to buy an McFlurry no one was there to assist. After standing there for a couple of minutes the girls said to another worker  you have a guest. The girl didnt do anything and turned away. Another gentleman who was working there came up to me and took my order. I dont dine at McDonalds often but I can say that I will never go back to this location again.
Was so hungry! Didnt had a car and when I requested and wanted to place an order from the drive through window! He says rudely that we can take your order and closes the window on my face! Though I like Mc Donalds but this place is weird!
Sorry but this location was not a good experience. The staff was rude and the food was not done as we asked so when we took it back they wanted to argue with my husband.
Well its McDonalds. Youve been there before you know what to expect. Some notable differences for this locationGod help if you if you dont like cheese. Because they will give it to you whether you want it or not. It was funny the first time I ordered a McDouble with no cheese and got a burger with a sticker that said NO CHEESE on it that did indeed have cheese. Not so much the next dozen times it happened.There is a homeless woman who is always standing outside of it. Its always the same homeless woman and shes been there for at least the last three years that Ive worked in the area. Not really related to McDonalds but thought it was worth mentioning.I think she really likes McDonalds.
If they are willing sometimes yes or no. But to make a $value Mcdouble or Double cheese burger into a Big Mac. Add shredded lettuce grilled onions and a side of Big Mac sauce will = to a non sesame bun -  carb in the middle extra bun = $ Big Mac or some will charge for the Mac sauce but it will still be cheaper.Order Chicken nuggets fish fillet chicken sandwich fresh Ill wait it tastes so much better and different than the ones they have pre-made in the warmer.
This Mcdonalds is locathttpmedia.ct.yelpcdn.comstatic?_iicostar_big_.gifed a few blocks from Intel. A block from the Hillsboro airport and in the same parking lot as Costco. Its Hillsboros newest Mcdonalds opened in . Service is pretty much the same as any Mcdonalds but a bit better then at other locations in the area. Food quality is pretty much the same as any Mcdonalds but they seem to keep on top of the freshness. I have experienced no problems with custom orders and they seem happy to do them. Lots of seating. Wide open dining room. Free wi-fi. Dual drive though lanes makes it easy to get though the drive though faster. No play structure though so if you come here so your kids can play you are out of luck.This store has new management but I have notice no major changes since they took over a few weeks back.The only negative thing I have is they dont wear gloves when making the food. Very unsanitary.
I usually go through drive thru here and % of the time when they hand me my food and say have a nice day there is something missing in the bag. Then when you stay at the window they look at you in disgust as if you dont believe they made your order correctly. Well there is good reason for that. In addition to the incorrect order if you order a large fry you can expect about as many fries as come in a small size. Always feel ripped off. I paid for a large not a small in a large container. Not to mention there is a homeless camp a few feet from the drive thru. Pretty trashy.
Best McDonalds drive-through service theyre open  hours they usually always get your order correct.Cheap prices extensive menu employees are nice what more can I say
I dont go to McDonalds looking for anything great. I mean its McDonalds... howevee I am very picky about condiments so I always order my burgers plain. This McDonalds is so ridiculous. They mess up my order every time. One time they gave me coffee with creamer and sugar when I ordered black they actually put more effort into messing up my order than making it correctly. Another time they put my fries in my bag upside down. They forgot two burgers and a large fry one time when I was picking up supper on my way home. They almost always fail to make my burger plain even though the receipt clearly says plain. They remake your food if they messed up but they arent nice about it and they never offer you anything like a coupon or something free to make up for their mistake. And theyre coffee in the morning is always burnt. Its terrible! The only thing they do right is the frappes and Ive only ever ordered one!
My wife and I were at the McDonalds on  NE Glisan St Portland OR  today May   at pm. We got a cheddar onion mcchicken and a medium fry and medium drink. The food was cold when we got it the fries on top were warm but the rest were ice cold and hard as rocks. The burger was ice cold and I asked for another one the girl took it back and returned a burger to me within  seconds. She did not wash her hands at all. There was a clump of hair in it. There were no hairnets on any employee. I spoke with the manager Sean and Sean decided to leave before I was done with my statement because I ?asked the manager if not having hairnets having facial piercings and taking a cup back after a customer has handled it and putting it back in the cup dispenser was a common practice at McDonalds Sean told me Go ahead call the fucking health department asshole I dont care! My wife ?and I have had upset stomachs since we got home we were only there  minutes and live  minutes away
Dirty smelly bathrooms and no changing table! A real shame! My kids love McDs! We wont be back to this one though
Went through the drive-thru and had no issues. ?The outside is very pretty and nice looking. ?The only downside to this McDonalds I had was the entrance and exit which is very confusing if you dont know how to get there. ?Its one of those locations where you can see where you want to go but the city through one ways and islands prevents you from reaching it. ?You have to go around the block and come in from behind it on a small side street with no sign indicating you need to turn there to get to it.
So from the exterior this McDonalds is fantabulous. I guess it was a remodel because everything else in the area seemed new. I went through the drive through because it was raining no I was just really lazy and the gentleman from the box was really unfriendly. I like my Dollar Menu with a smile. So no thank you I am not the Terminator and I wont be back.
This is one of the worst rudest McDonalds I have seen. Went through the drive thru at AM on Friday May nd. When I pulled up I received the most unfriendly greeting ever. Not a good morning or a how are you or what can I get you? or anything like that. Seriously just a hello is the most monotone voice ever. The lady needs to drink some coffee or something. Then once I ordered she said thats it? and that was that. Yikes! Then when I pulled to the second window for the food the guy hands me the bag and I said thank you and he closed the window. Not a thank you or even a single word out of his mouth! And there was no one behind me so its not like he was busy. I mean I know its just drive thru but that doesnt mean you cant be polite and offer friendly service.
Its still just a McDonalds despite the fancy remodel. It looks beautiful but tastes the same. That said sometimes all that will do is a gut burger from MickyDs so it fits the bill. Free wifi and a good view of accident corner.
how do you screw up ice-cream? Come here for an education!
I am a big fan of Mc Donalds however the young ladies at the registers are unprofessional and untrained. The promotion for buy one Quater pounder get one free after doing a review is lost upon the entire staff. This was on a monday but happened again on a tuesday. I am telling everyone i know and i have a LARGE Twitter follower also as a HUGE facebook following.
On my way to the local brewery not too far from here we decided to grab a bite to eat beforehand. ?We pulled into the drive through because getting out just seemed like an unnecessary risk. ?As we waited and finally got up to the menu the order taker informed us that they were only accepting cash at the moment. ?My driver decided to exit the line but I insisted on getting him a meal. ?I risked life and limb to get that man dinner. ?I agree with the other reviewers that this place is less that satisfactory. ?The cashier was not even the slightest bit delightful in my ordering experience. ?The restaurant did not look very clean. ?The employees were arguing about something very loudly that made me a bit uncomfortable. ?Anyway I got the food and got out of there ASAP! ?I will not be back unless it is the last place on earth to get food.
I swear the service with this mcdonalds is NO GOOD AT ALL!!! I dont like stopping at this McDonalds location cause I absolutely hate theirService but my girlfriend was hungry after work and she insisted weStop there so she can get a bite to eat so I went for it! BIG MISTAKE!! ST of all Once they speak it seems like they have an attitude. they dont even greetYou with good customer service and huff and puff as if they are in a rush to take your Order. nd when I ordered the wings for my girlfriend they said its gonna be A  minute wait after you pay are they serious they cant start on my orderRight away once I place it??!! There was  cars in front of me so I have to waitEven longer??? So I said no thank you we will just order something else and thereWe hear another deep breathe as if im taking very long to place my order. Then after I placed my order we stood in line with  cars still in front of us so we waited patiently.After waiting mins and no car has moved and  cars behind us left the line we decided to go to the McDonalds on cicero and th where they have great customer service everything on the menu available and we dont have to wait -Minutes for our food...the McDonalds on  w Roosevelt is the worse place anyone can go to for food.. Before I left today the cashier at the window looked my way and of course I stopped and told her the I was going to write a review on yelp and she laughed and said yeah okay boo do you unbelievable I dont understand how these people still have their job!!! Please tell me which McDonalds allows their employees to play loud music while at work? This place was very very ghetto and I seriously dont recommend for anyone to stop at this location!!! I rather starve then to eat any food from this place!!! I really hope they bring in new employees that have good customer service speak proper english know how to clean and dont dress up so ghetto!!!
Quite possibly the worst McDonalds on the planet. Absolutely vile and disgusting food and service alike.
horrible.... that is all. Do not go there.
I stopped at this location with my boyfriend earlier this evening to grab a bite to eat after stopping off to pick up some things for his apartment and this was one of the most ghetto McDs Ive been to. Ive seen some pretty bad places but this place took the cake in terms of filth and vagrancy because the place seemed to be a location for people to loiter around in and having people up in there begging for change and all while youre trying to order your food. I was waiting with my fiance for his food to come up and the guy behind the counter was banging his hand saying can I help the next customer.....really you think you can get someones attention banging your hand on the counter like some ignorant fool with no professional standards. Who would want to eat in this place with folks standing outside trying to sell you stuff and this one guy was begging for change to allegedly feed his baby sister.....thats so typical for them to sit there and lie because they want someone to give them money so they can feed their whatever habit theyre trying to hide. This restaurant is situated in one of the most ghetto neighborhoods on the west side which says how the standards has gone down. If they really cared they would keep the restaurant clean inside and outside and I was glad that I didnt see the inside of the bathroom because if its a ghetto McDonalds the bathrooms wouldnt exactly look like they were maintained well either. I wouldnt bother eating here unless you want to be harassed by goofy hoodrats and crack fiends looking for someone to give them change. I can think of at least  McDonalds locations that has staff that dont look like they were plucked from the ghetto garden because this McDonalds seems to employ hoodrats and ghetto snots to work at this particular location. I have gotten much better service elsewhere than this place I wont be coming here again and I want to be served by someone who can properly wear a hairnet thats not the length of the hairstyle and doesnt look like a hoodrat with multi colored dragon lady tips a mile long.
Filthy and putrid smelling restroom everything from crumbs to spilled coffee on the tables floor looks like it hasnt been swept our mopped in a week. I just wanted to get my cheat meal in between work appointments and the food took unreasonably long the communication was such that I wondered if most people were in training and the only girl that seemed to know how to sail the ship walked outside to smoke a cigarette. This franchisee should sell the location to someone that can run it.
When I used to work in Hillside this McDonalds would sometimes work as a stopgap measure for an early morning breakfast if I left the house without one. Yes yes it is unhealthy but sometimes you just want that extra wink of sleep or two!Over the year and a half span of working in this area I hit the drive-thru up perhaps a dozen times. Out of those twelve visits about half of them had issues with my order.Here are the issues I can remember* Smaller sized smoothie than I paid for* Not including ketchup when requested* Not including hot sauce when requested* Not including napkins when requested yes people eat out of their cars!* Giving me someone elses orderThose are just the issues I remembered but there were probably others. I never actually went inside to complain as these pit stops were right before I had to open my business in the morning. With a - chance of getting your order right that just seems poor listening skills. I hope the management takes note of this.If you do want a better sit-down breakfast or lunch try the JKs restaurant about two blocks east on Wolf and Saint Charles. Youll get much better service here providing you have the time to sit down and enjoy it.
The last  times that Ive come here have been a long wait and people who come after myself are served first in the drive thru every time. Its mainly the drive thru where this business is missing it.... But thats what I use most when it comes to McDonalds at least. I am not used to a McDonalds ever being dysfunctional. This one is a double drive thru... I left twice now without an order taken because I was waiting in the drive thru for someone to take my order but they took other cars orders first who were not even there when I first got there. The first time I let it slip because I knew they just opened. The second time I left. But the third Im leaving too...
Worst mcdonalds around. Fills the fries half way. They have to be taught that because I have complained numerous times and the managers always say they are sorry and will talk to the employees. I cant wait until my kids out grow this place. From now on if I go back I will request fries that are filled to the top and then check my bag before I pull away.
I do not normally go to McDonalds but I saw a line of cars in the drive through and thought this place must be excellent to have so many clamoring for their food. Upon entering this establishment I came upstairs n their varied many and perused the items hoping upon hope that they had Foie gras as I had a taste for the liver of a goose. It was not to be found. They must be animal rights activists that run this establishment. I asked the young girl at the counter what their speciality was and she told me the Big Mac was one of their finer dishes. I placed the order along with some French fries I no longer call them freedom fries now that the French have come fully on board with our war against Muslim countries #jesuischarlie I wonder how these French fries will be served I am imagining they will be garnished with black truffles . I ask for their wine list and am told they do not have one. How peculiar for a restaurant that serves French food. To my horror no baguettes either. My food bill comes to . cents. Imagine that the Big Mac meal  their finest offering and it is only just over  dollars. The wait is not long for my entree so glad I did not ask for their freedom onion soup. Strangely the food is in a box and a carton. This must be a new style  the creativity of chefs these days knows no bounds. I am impressed. I open up the box and there lies this lettucey thing with some kind of salad dressing on it. It is cold and damp. This must be an artistic statement of some kind. Possibly a commentary on the ill treatment of the Intuit natives at the turn of the last century. I am impressed by the chefs social concerns but I had wished that the food was hot. I took a bite . I am glad that I sat close to the toilet as I made a run for it. They must have been upset that I ordered the foie gras originally. They are making me pay for it. I know when I have been defeated. My pomme frites were hot but lacking any French accoutrements. This must be French cooking under the Vichy government when the Germans took away their cream and tried to make them eat sausages. Completely defeated I made my way to the exit sign as I heard a cackle of teenage girls laughing at me as I tripped over the yellow wet floor alert signal. This is the last time I will ever eat in a French restaurant again. Perhaps I should have ordered the escargot.
How does this qualify as a restaurant? ?Dear yelp please take McDonalds off of the restaurant heading and place into the bad life choices category.
If there was an option for a negative rating thats what this place would get. Not only worst mcdonalds experience but worst fast food experience Ive ever had. At this point been in the drive thru line  mins & after taking my order & credit card told itd be another - mins. Cars behind me gave their orders when I was told to go to the window to give mine because the registers werent working. Person behind me drove right off with their order while Im waiting for an order for one. Was not even told my total at the window. Doesnt have friendly workers working the drive thru. This new mcdonalds needs to get some advice from other locations on how to run a business & hire new staff.
Ive had no problems with the service my problem is the shady characters that hang around. The hate for this place is probably because of that. Im gonna give it  stars because of the service Ive received especially from the manager himself but some of the people who come in to sell stuff and hang around yelling to one another are more than annoying.
By far the worst McDonalds I have ever been to. Since I live close by I wanted to give them a chance but no more. The service is extremely slow and the last time we went my son had hairs on his burger. Disgusting. Do not go here. You will only regret it.
The reason I gave this McDonalds  stars instead of  is because of the young lady that was behind the counter.She had great customer service skills and although there were a lot of people in line she seemed to have a system and got the line down pretty quickly!I was also charged . for a sausage egg McMuffin that was listed at . and I was given my difference back even though they said the sandwich was suppose to be ..I would have went back to that McDonalds if I wasnt at a volunteering event for seniors that day so I had no choice but to choke down my hard crisp eggs burnt muffin and dried out sausage.I dont understand where Quality Control is going for many of these fast food restaurants its like because we have a value menu or a dollar menu we dont have to serve food that is fresh and hot!Even if I was in the area unless I was just getting a coffee I wouldnt go back to this McDonalds!Just so sad!
I ordered the Premium Crispy Chicken Club Sandwich however when I arrived home to eat my meal it was not the Premium Crispy Chicken Club Sandwich. There was no bacon or cheese  they put way to much mayo on the sandwich. The sandwich did not look eatable it actually looked disgusting. ?The fries were cold and thrown in the bag. Im shocked they would send something of the sort out to a customer. ?I usually do not eat fast food however I will not be visiting this location ever again.
This Mcdonald I rarely go to. Food is dry service is slow. I got the oatmeal and sausage buscuit and they both were not good and dry ?This the type of place you forget to ask for jelly butter or ketup because youre trying to hurry and get out of there. Its too crowded too many people hang in there like peddlers drunks and crack heads. Dont ever lose anything like a wallet or phone bc its long gone in a matter of seconds.
Was solicited by panhandler four times while waiting to pay cashier for food after placing order. Person stood uncomfortably close when I pulled out money to pay for meal. Cashier observed this happening and said nothing nor did the manager. I watched this person ask everyone in line for money. Was also solicited as I entered the restaurant - also from inside the restaurant. The clerk did not get the order correct - required a revisit to the line. The crew seemed indifferent and very untrained. The place was also not very clean. McDonalds corporate should investigate this place - it gives McDonalds a bad name. I would avoid this McDonalds.
Ive read the reviews so I know that this place has been less than popular over the years. However I think theyve made some improvements. Ive never been inside but the drive-thru is always quick and accurate. The service has been friendly and attentive on all of my visits as well.
Good coffee.TERRIBLE AWFUL RUDE STAFF.I was given a roll of pennies as change because the girl was too busy visiting with her friends to try to get other coins in exchange for my dollar bill.
This McDonalds is improving because they changed management and how they have people who actually work. Its a shame they had to get a Hispanic crew to change this place!!!!!
This McDonalds is one of the most disgusting Ive ever been to. I dont know why I keep going back through the drive-thru I guess deep down I want it to get better but I keep getting disappointed. I got a McRib a few days ago and that made my decision to never return to this location. The bread tasted old and the meat had a vile aftertaste. Dis-gus-ting!!!!
This place is a mess! If I could give it zero stars I would. Every time I go in there I have to wait in line - morning mid-day lunch night....doesnt matter. The floors are always filthy and there usually is a weird and funky smell. However its close to work and sometimes I get desperate. Two weeks ago I went through the drive through with a co-worker for iced coffees. We ordered and paid and when we pulled up to the last window we were informed there was no ice. At that point they also did not understand why we did not want our coffees.A week later I waited in line forever for an icecream. Only to be told they have no shakes or icecream.I am not even a big McDonalds person but I would think ice shakes and icecream would be things they could manage to not screw up. Guess not.
Worst service ever avoid this place.
Worst mcdonalds ever! My boyfriend and I went through the drive through and ordered our food. We were told to pull up past the window to wait for our order. School was letting out so there was teens walking through the parking lot and about to fight right next to my car! Finally after about  minutes my boyfriend gets out the car pissed and goes inside only to notice that the doors was locked. Finally the security comes to the door with our order. Horrible!
It really needs ZERO stars! Terrible customer service! Terrible Cooks! And Ghetto ass Managers! Need I Say more?!
I hate this McDonalds. ?Its always sooooooo crowded the drive-thru is a mess and they always fill the glass  full with no ice! ?it also feels like the prices are higher than other Mickey Ds. ?I dunno...maybe not?I only stop here when in a pinch after a ball game when Im starving and tired of ball park food.
This McDonalds gets  stars for being open all night. Sometimes i just have a craving for chicknuggets or I just need to grab some double cheeseburgers at am and Maxwell St Depot Polish isnt what Im craving. So Kudos for being the closest open  hour McDs to me.However if you do come take notice of the giant CPD HQ building that is just a few blocks west of this place. IF ANYTHING was to go down hurry to this refuge of safety.This following rant is not on this specific location but on McDs in general. What the hell is a friggin McDouble and why is it replacing the double cheeseburger for c? A McDouble is a fancy way of saying we jacked yo cheeze foo! It is a double cheeseburger with only  slice of cheese.  tiny slice of cheese is not enough to satisfy my cheeseburger craving!!!! I guess Im too poor to be more than a Dolla Menunaire cuz I can no longer afford a double cheeseburger at $. and I can only get the c McDouble.
Avoid this place! ?Its just not worth it. ?I live a few blocks away but I will no longer be tempted to go here for a french-fry fix. ?The place smells like sewer the workers are clueless and rude and the food tastes off. ?Last time I went here I ordered and stood at the counter off to the side waiting for my simple McDouble and fries. ?I waited a long time and watched about  people behind me get their food before me. ?Yes they had forgotten my simple order even though I was standing right there. ?Everyone decided it was someone elses problem. ?While waiting I had time to fully appreciate the workers incompetence as customer after customer would ask for a certain type of soda and be informed that they were out. ?What did they have? No one seemed to know. ?Go to the McDonalds north on MLK until this neighborhood cleans itself up.
Let me say this. I have never had a bad experience at a Mcdonalds before. But this Mcdonalds is the worst. I walked in during a slow time and it was horrible. I said good morning to the girl at the register and got a confused and almost upset look. As I start to order she tells me to hold on and decided to take care of another person and forgot about me. They all have attitudes and seems miserable. I would be happy having a job and there they seem bothered. They swore at each other and acted vulgar. Do not come here.
This is my local mcdonalds and after  bad visits I will never go back. Learn from my mistakes and avoid it as my fellow yelpers also suggest.
The people are mostly nice at this location but the service is the slowest I have ever seen at a Golden Arches. The drive thru is always packed but that has less to do with them being busy than it taking forever to get your food. When you do finally get your food it is the usual McDonalds fare so no issues there. They are also often out of ice cream which is a drag on a hot summer day when thats all you crave. When possible I go to the McDonalds a little farther north on King Drive.
Im not a huge fan of McDonalds in general but I do eat at a McDonalds about once a month or so. ?This McDonalds is one of the worst that Ive been to. ?The service inside was very slow. ?The manager who was helping run the cash register with another employee kept allowing other people to jump in line and then looked at the rest of us with this look of...You dont mind do you? ?We decided to go through drive through instead hoping for faster service. ?We got to the speaker and the employee asks What do you want? ?Not a How can I help you or anything semi-customer service oriented. ?We decided to order anyway because my daughter was really excited for some fries. ?Otherwise we would have left at this point. ?We placed our order and then pulled up to pay. ?She told us one amount and then ended up giving me change for another amount. ?However I didnt happen to check it until I had pulled up to the next window. ?We pulled up to get our order at the nd window and the employee asked us what we had ordered. ?Not just an item or two so she could make sure we were the next order but she wanted to know everything we had ordered. ?Im not sure why there was an issue in relaying the information from the st window to the nd especially with computers. ?The nd window employee was nice and even wished us a good day. ?The order was right and the fries were hot. ?Upon looking at the receipt the cashier did give me the correct change she just said the wrong amount. ?When it comes to ordering it really bothers me when you walk into a restaurant that has their breakfast menu up even though they say they are not serving breakfast anymore. ?Inside the breakfast menu was up but they told others they were not serving it anymore. ?In the drive thru we asked just in case because I really wanted a sausage biscuit but they said again they werent serving breakfast. ?The biggest problem with this was that because the breakfast menus were up the lunch menus were not and you would have had to know exactly what you wanted to get. ?We ended up getting the basics fries hamburger drink. ?I dont have the number meals memorized and I swear they are different at each McDonalds.Overall the service was slow and the employees were rude. ?It was not busy during our visit. ?It was am right before the lunch rush. ?I would avoid this McDonalds if you can.
Its a mcdonalds so no need for an elaborate look at how witty i am review.They are not the worst mcdonalds freshnessfoodwise however I would have to say that about % of the time my order is wrong.I dont order complicated things just standard items minus pickles or ad mayo. Most of the time you can tell the unwanted item was just scraped off. Probably a bad idea if someone was indeed allergic to something but whatever.
This place cant get an order correct to save their livesSave yourself the headache and find another McDonalds
My expectations for McDonalds in general are pretty low but this one lowered the bar yet another notch. ?Drove through at  PM on Sat Feb . ?Ordered # Quarter Pounder with Cheese with a bottle of water. ? I never customize because that increases the probability of mistakes. ?Burger was fine. ?Fries were cold and rubbery. ?I am guessing that the fries had been sitting for some time to begin with and they put em in the bag while waiting for the burger. ?I drove away before I discovered the cold fries. ?Didnt feel like turning around and going back. ?Worst part might have been the guy who handed the food out the window without a greeting without a thank-you without a word. ?Knowing he was serving me crappy cold fries. ?That part really pisses me off. ?I would NEVER accept that kind of service from one of my employees. ?Very disappointed - as usual. ?When will I learn?
I had want here with my friendtime and my mom  time it just like a regular McDonald`s they cook the food and you just keep it moving i just hate there is not a lot of seats to sit other then that i don`t have a issue with it my honest opinion 
You burned my coffee. You guys burned my coffee. First time I ever ordered coffee from you and you burned it. I usually go to the Starbucks right across the street because they usually dont burn my coffee. I attempted to try out your establishment because you guys advertise your coffee so much on all sorts of media implicating that its good coffee that isnt burned. But after giving tender I received a burned coffee. This will be the last time I visit you to buy a burned coffee. You burned my coffee. Burn.P.S. Dear cashier lady. I know you werent the one who physically burned my coffee so my earlier comments do not apply to you. But I did ask TWICE for a chorizo and not a sausage burrito. I would have overlooked this had you not been so mean to me. I hope you enter a Starbucks one day and your coffee is burned.
They have a bad service by drive-throughEvery time I take my food it missing something or they give me different orderActually I dont like this location so now I stopped taking my food from there.Just to review you this  star its too much
Take your life in your hands at this location. ?Before the remodeled this alternated between being a homeless hangout and a gang hideout. ?Now they have two--TWO!--security people patrolling so Ill at least feel safe having a quick bite before the late evening backpack snatchings start.
At random times of day they will say cash only and only these items are sold if you want anything else or dont have cash they turn you away. Very rude staff too.
Normally I dont bother reviewing places like this but this McDonalds is so hilariously awful that I felt it was my duty to share this information with fellow Yelpers.The irony of this specific McDonalds is that it is an exceptionally nice one both inside and out. It is ultra-modern with a great little outdoor garden with seats! Ive never seen a McDonalds like this before.Unfortunately it is absolute chaos inside. As some other reviewers have said the staff have no control over it and it turns into a free-for-all. I honestly think Chicago PD needs to have a few officers staffed inside this place  since there are always a lot of sketchy things going on. Im surprised no one has been stabbed andor shot.Even if you are just passing by you will immediately know something is up with this place. There are no less than  strange characters loitering outside of it pretty much all day making weird comments at strangers. Again its nothing short of a miracle that people havent been stabbed or shot here. I make it a point to walk past as quickly as possible and not make eye contact since the people loitering out front always give me weird looks and act like they want to fight.Seriously if this place got bulldozed tomorrow morning I dont think anyone would shed a tear and the adjacent buildings property values would quadruple. Businesses like this are the reason Yelp needs negative stars.Also I LOLd at the photos making this look like a classy place. It is not.
Not the best location right by the red line station. Just your average McDonalds food.
I came in here late at night to order something to absorb some alcohol I had ingested. The manager clearly has no control over the staff. Or heshe is friends with all of them and they all do whatever they want. Im pretty sure the cashier made plans with the guy in front of me to hook up when her shift was over. The person they had cleaning the dining room was acting as though it was his territory and lining up chairs so that people could not sit where he had cleaned.......except its open  hours. While I was there I could have a bought crack b hired a prostitute c been beaten up ?or d been robbed at gunpoint. I would not recommend that you visit this establishment. Do so at your own risk.
What a trash bin.Popped in here for a quick coffee and it was brutal for even the short time it took to drink it. Couple of trashy women arguing loudly and profanely I thought at one point there was going to be a weave on the ground. Staff does nothing violators are not ejected. Shady guys hanging out in front of doors very awkward to even enter this place.So dont. Pass it up. Terrible.
Came here for some breakfast.The seating is nice and large and bright and clean. ?It was comfy chilling here.The food I had was typical of other locations. ?No complaints there.Lastly theres a h drive-through available here as well.
I dont go to this McDonalds much since I dont work in Water Tower anymore.They have remodeled it twice that I remember.It is still the same old homeless shelter it was.I went here last night around pm for dinner. Two guys in the dining room didnt even buy anything they just were sitting there talking and using swear words and being racist. ?I finished eating so I went and used the restroom. ?As I opened the door I bumped a homeless guy in the restroom using the hand dryer to warm up his chicken wings he got from jewel. ?I was like Smh....They used to have a Security Guard here Idk were he was last night. ?We also had a homless guy next to us draw us on his pencil and paper. ?Not bad tbhAll I can say is eat and go......
Worst McDonalds I have ever been. I hope I can give it zero star.
Im so sorry this is right down the block from where I work. ?Fortunately there is another McDonalds in the area to make up for this one.For starters the people hanging out in front of the restaurant....most of them look absolutely creepy. ?Depending on the time of day or night you might have to seriously watch your back....or avoid this place.Secondly the customer service in this place is absolutely ridiculous at times. ?I was in here today and ordered a large coke with easy ice. ?Thats all I ordered. ?No big macs no fries none of that. ?What was absolutely shocking was that not only did I have to wait FIVE MINUTES for a soft drink but people that came in AFTER me that ordered actual food that had to be cooked was getting their orders BEFORE me while the staff members just stood around and chatted about non-important things.Sorry. ?You only have one time to irk me and youve done it. ?Wont be going back here. ?Try the McDonalds over on McClurg theyre better.
I rate this McDonalds - stars. Its a downtown McDonalds at the crossroads of State and Chicago Streets at the entrance to the subway. ? One word describes this McDonalds busy. It seems that this McDonalds is marketed to the commuters exiting the subway and driving on Chicago Street with its giant arches hanging above the subway exit at Chicago Street. The result is that this McDonalds is busy. Even outside there are usually people hanging out including the homeless. ?This Mcdonalds is relatively large. There was no problem getting a table. And there was breathing room. ?Because this McDonalds is busy and the employees were overworked while being on the friendly side I will not dwell on the fact that they forgot my order and napkins. I will just knock off half a star. ?This McDonalds is convenient and relatively inexpensive. Whether its one or five stars the convenience and ample seating makes up for the flaws. ?Closing up this review I have two tips. If you are not in a rush I recommend the cool Rock & Roll McDonalds. And if you want great chicken nuggets and waffle fries Chick-Fil-Le is a couple doors down.
My impression of this place is still that it should probably be razed to the ground. They only sell bottled water at this McDonalds even though the area in front of the building is the site of known and newsworthy episodes of WILDING with about  teenagers trying to cause trouble out front. ?Not only do they have terrible security guards tons of unruly teens and others but they cant even accommodate a customer by doing something so simple as selling and providing a cup of water with ice in it even though they can make an iced coffee. ?Pullleeezzzeee...They ought to hire a private special ops security force to stand out front so that the  policemen who seem to be permanently stationed there can spend their time other places too.
what i liked best is the fast service with a smile . the food is always hot and fresh . i like the apple pies the price is always right and its not to bad for noise it had avarage ?costmers
Fast and friendly service. My daughter enjoyed her hot cakes and has brown. Really huge inside. Weird people in here but cant blame the place for it.
This is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to and I LOVE McDonalds and all its cheap bad-for-you food glory.I am a graduate student at nearby Loyola University so I come here often to grab lunch to go as quickly as possible before scurrying out the door and seeking refuge in my classrooms to devour my goods.The first time I ordered from here my hamburger bun was HARD. Completely stale. Assuming this was just a fluke I continued to frequent this fine dining establishment.The next few times werent so bad but the fries are consistently lackluster and are flavorless hard and taste old the antithesis of the coveted McDonalds french fry!Last time I ordered a hamburger this was last week! the bun had marks on it that literally looked like black tire tracks running across the length of the bun. Im not sure how this could have possibly happened but then again I really am not that curious. This is an okay place if youre looking for a cheap lunch in the city but be careful to avoid the questionable individuals loitering inside and out!
Old MickeyDs. Not at all what it used to be. But in particular this one on Chi Ave at exit of the red line. Stopped in there st time ever to get a peppermint mocha coffee hot coffee not meant to be cold. I counted there was one person overwhelmed on the cash register as I counted  people stood in line waiting for service. I counted again  person making special coffee  passing out orders and pouring regular coffee  doing absolutely notta saw  in the kitchen area. Thats  its  A.M. this is McDonalds in the heart of Chicago where are the other  employees? Service here HorribleRecommendation Do not go herePeppermint Mocha Coffee hot Absolutely vile ghastly disgusting.Best thing here Free Wi-FiDunkin Donuts & Starbucks do not worry McDonalds poses no threat at stealing the real coffee drinkers.
Always open and ready to provide you with terrible serviceAlso check your food before you leave ?because they arent very careful about what food goes into whos bagCount your change they shorted me c
Tends to be quite a bit sketchy dont worry there are cops posted up outside almost  and they dont have cups of water. Only bottles! Booooo!
This is by far the worst McDonalds I have ever been too. Sure when I was there it was busy though it wasnt so busy you couldnt find a seat... Yet there was a mob of people waiting to get food and they give you a # and you have to wait til your # comes up to get serviced. This is kind of fair so the people who were there first get served first...... BUUUUUUT all I ordered was a plain old  cent ice cream cone because I needed to break a . And I think it took at least  minutes for me to get a SOFT SERVE ice cream cone. It would have taken someone  seconds to pull some ice cream out of the soft serve into a cone and then I would have been out of that mob. While I was in the mob waiting to be served they called out a # for two ice cream cones OVER AND OVER again. Obviously those people had been waiting so long and were so frustrated that they left and didnt care about the dollar they threw down for the cones. Pathetic. People leaving before receiving food that they paid for. Also the entire time I was standing there waiting we had a man yelling at us to MOVE TO LEFT... ugh.
This McDonalds is always busy during any part of the day because of the Chicago St Red Line Station.My orders are always fast and my food has been fresh.I havent received any attitude from anybody and dont expect it any time soon.
Its a McDonalds. The food is cheap. The service is cheap. Its downtown so its busier than most but they have enough people to serve. Its like every other McDonalds on the planet.
New style is goodand the environment looks better now.
It is currently going through renovation which is great because that means less creepers in the front of the restaurant. Also the sidewalks around the restaurant are disgusting. ?But when it is open and you want a quick cheap bite its fine.
This is my second time here and again I had to leave after getting a refund for waiting so long for no food. ?I was not the only one. ?I am sure the staff work hard. ?Most seem to have become jaded. ?Nothing is their fault and no one not even management seems to take ownership to solve problems move customers in and out quickly and keep the store under control. First it seems half the customers want ice cream or smoothies and they end up taking a lot of orders and quickly get back logged. ?There is no good system in place on who ordered where they go etc. ?It always seems to be pandemonium in here.I placed my order and waited. ?Another man was upset that he wait  min and still had not gotten his fries. ?I had to wait and wait for a soda - so long that my fries were now cold they have a self serve soda in the lobby but because of all the homeless and crazy kids no longer use it so it takes longer to get sodas with their one working behind the counter machine. ?It always seems drive thru customers have priority.I knew it was a mistake walking in and probably will not return again.
Three cardinal sins The ice cream cones cost twice as much here as other locations around Chicago. Granted this means Im paying $. instead of $.. Some might say its pointless to critique this - its just fifty cents! But I say NO! Theyre charging TWICE the price. Name another thing sold anywhere at a franchise where the price can vary so wildly. ALSO I hate McDonalds and the only reason I go there is because theyre losing money by serving me under-priced ice cream cones - they cant possibly profit from this. Moreover cmon an ice cream cone for fifty cents on hot Chicago day? Who could pass that up? Not even me a McDonalds-hating hippie. Complete chaos at the ordering station even with very little line. Pigeons being fed in the outdoor seating area - by an employee - who alternated from cursing at the pigeons to when they got too close to her throwing fries to get them to get away. Does she not realize that feeding them just keeps those nasty-ass pigeons around?
Just came back. Such rude service. I used a coupon and the register person had to ask for manager help. When the manager came over she said something in Spanish to the register person. They both laughed and then she went away. ?Why did the MANAGER feel the need to hide what she was saying by using a language I dont understand? Pure rudeness.
Recommend driving through and rather quickly at the risk of being assaulted or mobbed or groped or harassed.In the interest of full disclosure though Ive been known to make an appearance or two here on a late late night -- being propelled to find comfort in the arms of a greasy french fry. The egg mcmuffins sans canadian bacon and coffee combo makes my growing buddha belly happy. The other ordinary artery clogging goodness is just that. You get what you pay for...except here you might not want to risk your safety by going into the store.
Today was the breaking point. Long ago McDonalds revolutionized the restaurant industry with fast food dining a paragon of what was possible when human ingenuity applied itself to streamline processes and deliver maximum production and food for people in the least amount of time. These days efficiency no longer matters and has been replaced with indifference complacency and a lack of disregard to customer priorities. On most mornings I will stop into McDonalds to grab a yogurt parfait for $. as my morning breakfast. I did it because it was a healthy breakfast tasted good and was amazingly cheap. Before today one of the top ten things I associate with McDonalds is efficiency and today I can throw that word out the window because McDonalds no longer merits it.Today I left my house early for the express purpose of ordering more food for breakfast because I didnt have dinner and I was short on sleep and needed a giant coffee to go with some food to keep me sane for a long day at work. I arrived at am and I know this because Foursquare told me so when I checked in! Something was amiss and there was a large crowd of people and lines that were simply not moving.Great these things sometimes happen which was why I was glad that I left my house early so that if I actually did have to wait in line it wouldnt matter and Id still be able to get what I wanted when I wanted it. The minutes started flying by and the line still wasnt moving! What happened to that proud tradition of corporate efficiency to deliver the customer what they wanted when they wanted with the highest degree of professionalism and courtesy? Well you can all forget about it because its clear that no one in this McDonalds during the morning shift gives one iota of care for anyone waiting in line.I got to be the third person in line when two customers started to argue with the cashier that they wanted cream on the side of their coffee and not mixed in. The clerk wouldnt make a new coffee for the customers and the customers werent having any of it. Watching these people argue with the clerk got my blood boiling because I was trying to get an order in and get to work on time! ?Because of the inability of the clerk to placate these customers I ended up stuck in line waiting waiting and waiting in what seemed to be forever!Having arrived at am it was now am and I hadnt made an order! I yelled in frustration about the utter lack of disregard the staff had much to the amusement of the other patrons who were all either waiting for their order or waiting to order who all were in the same boat. I slammed the door on leaving and walked a block over to Starbucks. At Starbucks I spent $ for a giant cup of coffee and no food - $ I could have easily spent at McDonalds in order to get what I wanted but apparently McDonalds no longer cares about earning my money since they are too busy arguing with other customers and making everyone wait to order and wait for their food. Long gone are the good old days of the quick food restaurant this McDonalds no longer adheres to any sense of time or service and has degenerated into the ultimate display of incompetency. There are not enough words in all of the languages I speak to describe the disgust that I experienced today at this McDonalds. It was disgraceful and a thorough exercise in human futility and it was ten minutes of my life that I will never gain back.
This McDonalds has a gentle balance between efficient service and psychotic episodes. ?This location ?was recently remodeled so the existing clientele of those less fortunate have a bright and open area to hang out. ?The new system of ordering in at one counter and receiveing your food at another seems to work well but I really DO NOT appreciate being told where to stand while waiting for my order. ?I am not a sheep. ?They really need to stop doing that!
It has a drive-thru and has a regular-priced menu versus the rock and roll nearby. ?That definitely earns  stars from me.Good morning breakfast dollar menu!
WOW. Have you ever wondered what it would be like to eat at the cafeteria of an insane asylum? ?Just come to this lovely eatery for a meal and your wish will be granted. ?There are more derelict and eccentric clientele at this McDonalds location than in the rest of downtown Chicago - in fact this might be their home base. ?To be honest I am stumped as to how this place continues to operate. ?They just let the crazies run amok inside screaming obscenities and rambling on about who knows what. ?To get a taste just walk by there is generally a decent collection of nut-jobs outside as well.I wonder how many people have died in this McDonalds?
There is a reason we call this Poopy McDonalds.Actually there are two reasons for that & one for the moniker Sweet Tea Roach McDonalds.True stories all three.
Worst shamrock shake ever. The new shakes are brutal. They didnt even do a good job of mixing in the mint stuff with the regular shake. The result was a chalky mix with only small pockets of mint. Ended up tossing it out after a few sips. No comment on the rest of the food here - in the past it has been average. Have to agree that this location has turned into a homeless-hangout meets tourist pits-stop. If you are neither homeless or from outside of Cook County then you should find another spot.
They got the rd star just cuz of the efficiency of the dual-lane drive thru. Inside is a whole other story... just dont go inside... lets leave it at that. And if you must watch your wallet andor your purse.
This place hands-down wins an award for efficiency... or lack thereof. Came here on a night where it was not busy. There were about  or  C-grade hooligans patrons who also had a craving for some dollar menu items. I ordered the dollar pop and it took the  or so employees behind the counter  minutes to take my order of a large coke then get me a cup of... A&W Root Beer. ?The thing that perplexes me the most is that they have a self service fountain machine...
This is quite a lovely McDs. Their chicken nuggets taste like pizzas! Also they have a usually kind and friendly staff. I could charge my phone there once no problem. Only reason Im leaving -stars is because someone grabbed my meal when I was in the bathroom and they were calling the numbers and of course it was better than the McDonalds up near Addison at am which was super packed. Also in comparison to other McDonalds good-average staffs.
Its a newly remodeled location looks updated af! Service could be better counter staff has a bugh humbug look on the face!Aint no self service pop machine no more.The chicken nuggets are not even warm...wtf Ronald !
Logan Square doesnt have a lot to offer in the fast food lane but when push comes to shove at least McDonalds is a decent go-to right? This McDonalds lives in this world of hipster laissez-fair attitude so when something is wrong the answer here is too bad. I went to this McDonalds the other night with my mom and ordered about $ worth of food including two McFlurrys or soft serve with toppings dumped on top stale chicken nuggets and  Diet Cokes. Only halfway through our meal did my mom notice her drink tasted funny... She looked at her receipt and saw the cashier made one drink a Coke Zero. I went to the counter for her and told Samantha the manager that the drink was wrong and Id like a Diet Coke. She said the drink was half empty and Id have to buy a new one. The shock on my face washed over her like she was a piece of smooth sea glass. My mom also tried to reason with her - Shouldnt the customer get what they actually ordered?! No. No you can not. Samantha then took my moms receipt and threw it away. My mom asked for it back so she can officially complain. I give them credit for following up but theyre a lost cause. It wasnt the $. it wouldve cost for a new drink its that Samantha and her crew are the most unfriendly group people Ive ever experienced and to eat their food again would be to poison myself with their abrasive unhelpful attitude.
WORST MCDONALDS EVER!!I dont understand why the promotional signs are always in Spanish and not in English. ?They should be in both languages or just English unless the owner is racist and doesnt want English speaking people at the events.
The stingiest mcdonalds Ive ever been to... Including downtown!!!Service  -They were nice and spoke English. Great! ?-Saw someone get a chocolate covered sundae... Only the darn thing wasnt even *covered* as if they took an airbrush system and lightly sprayed a translucent film over. Tsk tsk Price -they charge you for plastic bags ketchup packers and god knows what else. I wouldnt be surprised if they charged me for napkins to-go.- gasped when I was told would be an extra  cents to get ketchup packets a whole ketchup bottle wouldnt even cost you anymore than $. Atmosphere .- went late afternoon pretty empty not loud not dirty.Food - didnt think Id have to rate my food until I came home and found that my fries were cold and stale as well as my nuggets. UGH. - irony is their employees understood english but for the very first time in my life they messed up my order. I said  ranch  barbecue... Instead  ranch sauce inside.
One of the best McDonalds in the city. This place is always clean and they have a great staff.
Its McDonalds people! Its not going to be the best place in the world! But this is one of the best McDonalds in the city now. I even noticed a improvement in food quality and high improvement in service.
This is probably the worst McDonalds ever. It doesnt matter what time of day I go how many people are waiting in line or how little I order I ALWAYS end up spending at least  to  minutes waiting for my order. This is not so fast fast food! Some of my favorite visits include - One person at the registers while the entire lobby started filling up with people. Its been about  years since I worked in fast food but if memory serves me when you have that many people youre supposed to open another register! Finally a worker who was just standing at the fry station doing nothing asked the manager if he can open another register. - Waiting  minutes for an iced coffee during a non-rush time. Similarly waiting  minutes for an ice cream cone on another occasion. - Asking for a Shamrock shake and being told they ran out only to see two be made and delivered to the customers right in front of me. I hate that this is the closest McDonalds to me and I have no choice but to go here. Get your shit together Logan Square McDonalds or the scary clown might get you!
When I go to McDonalds which is rare I am looking for greasy food and consistency. ?The Double Cheeseburger I had today was dry and nasty. ?Can you believe it? ?Hell is freezing over. stars because they were nice.
This place was AWFUL before! But then it got a face lift. They demod the building and rebuilt it from scratch. Why do I mention this? Well I think it gave the staff some pride in their job because things are better than before. It looks clean and fresh the staff is friendly. The service is markedly improved although some new staff still learning. Its hard to change peoples perceptions but this place did. Nice job. Dont go back to the way you were.
LOL.Soooo many one star reviews. Its McDonalds people. In a middling at best part of Chicago. You were expecting?The people watching is good for the junkiehomeless person tip and well they have Big Macs. I dont know what else to say.
I was in the Logan Sq. area and stopped in for a Big Mac. Found out the store was just rebuilt from another regular customer. The New face Lift on this McDonalds is Fantastic. The Crew seemed very upbeat. Service was very Friendly Food was as expected from a McDonalds hot off the grill and McDonalds fries are the best when hot. Mine were perfect.
Slow McDonalds. Theyve jazzed up their appearance but its still the same ol Slow McDonalds. Its a pretty hip place to eat but you have to pay for refills and I believe I saw a Cosby-sweater clad gentleman eat a McNugget off the floor. Overall great atmosphere. Its a place where you can really sit down with your family and enjoy some food.I miss the old Slow McDonalds.
Horrible McDonalds. ?Yes I get it its a fast food place and things will get messed up but there is a line. ?Everytime I went there something was messed up with my order. ?A couple of time I went there and ordered a large fry and a Coke but got a  piece chicken nugget with a root beer then the rest of the time I would always get either the wrong drink wrong size of something or the entire order would be all wrong. ?How does that happen every time?
Of all the McDonalds restaurants in America I believe this is the worst.The parking lot is cramped and begging for a low-speed crash.On a Saturday afternoon my friends and I were told no carbonated beverages were available. No Coke with my McNuggets? Criminal.The bathroom doors are locked and require an attendant to unlock them which suggests to me few people have washed their hands before eating. And with the length of lines here who would go to the trouble of getting the bathroom opened up?And charging for extra condiments? WTF?
For years Ive come to this McDonalds but as the managers came and went the service and atmosphere has gotten worse and worse. ?I have stopped going here as of January . Ill tell you why. I stopped in to get my usual order but had to make a call out of state to my mom real quick she didnt answered so I left a message just so you know I wasnt there having a long conversation - and I sat because I dont like talking on a phone as Im in line I ended the call then immediately started looking for an address to someplace I was headed to this all took a few minutes - not ten fifteen or longer - a couple minutes. But before I could stand up and head on over to the counter I was approached by I believe the manager who didnt start off by saying Welcome to McDonalds... I instead got Have you ordered yet? You can only be here  minutes and went into some speech about ordering customers and length of time to be there??? I was like WTH? I told them I AM a customer and in fact ?was just there hours earlier for breakfast and before I could say that I AM going to order they tapped on the wall as if to say you gotta go and walked away after giving me the third degree and truly made me feel unwelcomed. This was a VERY unpleasant encounter with this manager. I have NEVER just sat in a McDonalds or any venue and not ordered. I DO NOT LOITER and was quite offended that this person insinuated that. ?In fact I always order and take it home except this day I did sit for a a minute  and earlier at breakfast I ordered my usual grub and sat maybe - minutes and took the rest home or two as I completed my call but I just got there and it was like this person appeared out of nowhere and started grilling me? What ever happened to Welcome to McDonalds? I was stunned and offended at how I was treated. NEVER going back!!! Burger King may be further away but Id rather go there and not be insulted.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD PLEASE SALT YOUR FRIES LIKE THE OTHER MCDONALDS DO! ?Bland bland bland. Can someone throw me a bone here? I feel like having a little salt on your fries isnt asking too much.
Despite this being the closest McDonalds to my place it isnt the one I frequent most often. ?Ive found the lines both the drive through and inside tend to be very long. ?Usually I go down the street to the MilwaukeeWestern McDonalds as there is rarely a line and if there is it moves quickly. ?Ive had no problem with the food at this location just a preference for fast service.
The people who work here are great and always cheerful but they REALLY need to replace the sound system for their drive through. ?More often than not they WILL screw something up especially if its a larger order. ?However their prices are usually a little better than the McDucks in Bucktown that one is overpriced.
HA! I read the reviews and could not agree more with whats been said. Its still all very true unfortunately based on my personal observation. To top it all off I walked into the place to get some food and found my car gone--AFTER my purchase was made!! A gentleman in the parking lot was kind enough to offer me the address and phone number of the towing facility for whom he worked... I DO NOT hold the towing company responsible for doing what they believe is their job. I do however hold this business responsible for hiring people without a sense of observation intelligence common sense humility and accountability. Dont waste your property cash time nor curiosity to even look at this place because its filthy on the inside the floors of overlooked dirt and grime door handles with more grease than gears in a sewing machine the food always arrives after your next birthday it seems to get when prepared and I dont think anyone has looked up at me once to offer me a sense of being heard and understood. When the staff rings up your receipt they do nothing but look on in fatigue at their own reflections and observe a strange sense of love from cold comforts in the scratched up stained-less steel counter tops.To the CDC save a life and look twice--the dirt and trained monkeys might have escaped from the same lab and work somewhere inside. The only thing fresh in this place is what will be on the toilette paper the next day as a result of the oil that I imagine was obtained from an underworld market exchange fashioned by cheap costs and the flesh of missing persons. Of course some may say that I inflate the truth consequently thats how you feel when you pay money for something at a place that cheats you out of more than simply the so-called food. Well--find out for yourself or continue reading the content which others wrote here to save yourself a hospital bill and walking off  pounds to get your car back. Take our word for it please if you are even an ounce above organ failure from lack of food attempt survival elsewhere to increase your chances of disappointment discovered as much more potentially pleasurable than those found at this location.
Slow and dirty....AND why do you have to wait in the drive thru for + minutes at  am? Its not like there is a rush and they cant keep up with the orders....
The argument can be made that reviewing a McDonalds is a waste of everyones time. ?This McDonalds however warrants special mention. ?Although the place is reasonably clean and they generally get your order right the length of time it takes for this to happen is genuinely baffling. ?No matter what time of day you come in or how busy the place happens to be it will always take far longer to complete your transaction than it reasonably should. ?In light of the fact that speed is supposed to be the selling point of a McDonalds Id call this particular location a failure.
This is my neighborhood McDonalds. ?This place is actually pretty busy and is quite nice and clean on the inside. ?There is usually plenty of staff too. ?Im not sure about order accuracy since I dont challenge them too much but service is usually friendly and fast. ?Hey its a McDonalds so its either functioning or its not. ?This one is. ?I miss the old dark meat nuggets. ?They were my favorite.
I hate fast food places I only get iced coffee and yogurt parfait at McDonalds. I feel this is just your typical McDs although it is a bit older.
i also live in the neighborhood of this mickey dees..and the only reason i go there is for con-veen-yence..shut up you know how to spell it...otherwise i would never visit this place..everytime i go there they give me  or  napkins at the most  and never give me enuff straws for my drinks..i hate gettin home and having to take the lid off to drink my soda..it never fails..even if i ask them for straws they are always a drink short! ?but hey it is mcdonalds what do u expect?!
i truly cannot stand this mc donalds the service is always too slow and they have given me the wrong order  out of  times ive been here. but the workers tend to be nice.
I love this place. I avoid it at high-volume times like I avoid almost all places right at the peak AM afternoon. They have dipped cones & know how to dip cones. Thats about as good as it gets for me.The people are always friendly & quick getting your order taken. They also dont judge a gal for ordering a dipped cone at am......Thank you!
The good news -- theyve just remodeled this place and it it super modernstylish like going to Starbucks. Now for the bad news ?high volume McDonalds have been trying different line workflows for the last six months at least at this location and the one in Union Station and with the recent automation implemented you can expect to wait  minutes for a cup of coffee. ?As another review said its probably because it does seem like chaos to stand in a line - deep place your order and then step aside in front of the people who ordered before you so the person fulfilling the order can shuttle to the counter & back delivering your bag of food. ?This actually got you your food pretty quickly even in peak times.So now the newest system is a single register to take orders and an electronic system that shows order numbers that are ready on a TV screen. ?Sounds great right? ?Not at this location. ?For some reason their fulfillment process is very very slow. ?It took  minutes the other day for my order to come up and with the old system it would be - minutes consistently I think it was faster because there were four individual teams working on fulfilling orders not a centralized mainly single-threaded process with the new system.This morning I walked in saw the line in front of the register was  deep and  people were waiting for their orders !. ?This isnt DeKalb where a busload of people just walked in. ?Its McDonalds and they clearly need to to fix something with this store  their new process or just change back to the old chaotic system that got you your food in - minutes consistently.
I have nothing bad to say about the actual food or service although as other reviewers have noted this location isnt exactly lighting fast.The reason Im writing this review is to warn people that the free wifi weve come to expect from all McDonalds and that is advertised at this McDonalds is often not working at this location. Ive gone there on three seperate occasions within the last three months and have not been able to access their wifi.So if youre stopping in mainly for the use of their internet go to Starbucks accross the street.
The new workflow is a horrible joke. ?They took the worst aspect of this location and made it worse-ER. ?Yeah I just made that word up. ?I really hate this location but it is so close to my office Im sure I will still get sucked in.
Its fast food right? ?Well... its food at least.There are three McDonalds within two blocks of my work maybe more for all I know and this one has THE WORST SERVICE of any of them. ?I understand the people working the counter are getting minimum wage or slightly higher and are not super excited about their jobs or innovating the industry.But seriously will someone take my damn order already!??I cant count the number of times I have been here where I stand in line at a register and when I finally get to the front the person is running around without any clear direction running food to other registers for the people who arrived after me but were lucky enough to win the register lottery. ?Multiple times I have had to get someones attention and remind them that I am still waiting to place my order.Its not rocket science. ?Heck its not even science. ?Its service. ?Plain and simple. ?Divide and conquer one group of people take orders and another group of people run the food while yet another makes it in the back. ?Sounds simple right? ?Well it doesnt appear so simple when you walk into this McDonalds.I have worked in the food service industry as a waiter and I understand that people have different ideas on what is good service but one thing is always constant greet your customer and communicate with them. ?Let them know if youll be a minute inform them if theres a wait. ?Whatever the issue just let them know theyll appreciate you more for it and be more willing and patient to wait.Other than the service this is well McDonalds. ?Doesnt matter which one you go to you get pretty much the same thing. ?Thats the hallmark of their business. ?The only difference is service.So pay attention franchisees McDonalds may continue to get my money but you independent franchise owners may soon lose valuable customers with poor service.Afterall theres a McDonalds within a couple miles just about anywhere in developed countries.
McDonalds is McDonalds so this review is more for the service and less for the food. The service sucks. How can it take  minutes to get me a single McChicken??? By screwing up orders left and right thats how.
One of my favorite Chicago McDonalds. This is more of a community center. Everyone hangs out at this place. Young and Old. They completely remodeled the restaurant. Free Wifi. Clean bathrooms.
This place is really bad. Stay away at all costs! I got a beef patty in my mcdouble raw that is was stil gushing blood. Terrible!
Pop out of the machine was completely flat and this is not the first time either!! Ive complained more than a few times with no results. Ill have to recommend Burger King as they have really stepped it up with brand new pop machines. I guess Mcdonalds doesnt care about their customers!! My grade for this location a big F-!!! Would not recommend or go back!!
The District Manager now has managers that do not speak English at all  Maria. ?Ordering there is close to impossible for those that dont speak spanish  you know the new USM Oficial language MAJOR FAIL as a DM. It is a shame that they feel we need to loose our identity. If anyone knows someone high up in the McNasty corp please direct them to this review and ask them to contact me thru yelp. PLEASEI through course of at least a year the ONLY thing i have seen is they at least know about a double hamburger key on the register. THATS IT!!!.He wouldnt have a job if he worked for me back in the day. I never had someone post that I was an epic failure..... in Juans case if the shoe fits.....YOURE A FAILURE
We come here for the indoor playground. I also have to say the nicest McD employee Ive met in a long time works here. I spilled two hot coffees ALL over the floor and Brandon R. cleaned it up and got us new coffees no charge n a jiff. His name might not actually be Brandon - when I worked at McDs back in the day wed just wear whatever name tag was available.
I tend to go through the drive-thru here because its hrs and conveniently located. The staff is friendly and I swear the night manager makes the best hot fresh fries that are perfectly salted. Usually service is slower at late night for most places but here its quick and the food is hot. I think this is a great McDonalds location as its late night quick HOT food and an easy drive thru.
The salad is good. The service is quick. After school there a bunch of teens by the door smoking. If you ignore them they probably wont bite you. The fries are good too but are drenched in salt
Was ok nothing special. ?Wokrer at the window was friendly.
I was dying of thirst in yesterdays heat so I stopped by for a dollar large coke. There was only one car in front of me but I think they ordered at least  items from the dollar menu. So I say behind them patiently waiting for my coke. secretly hoping they would be asked to pull ahead and wait as I have been asked to do on several occasions. Finally they get all of their food and I get my coke. Or so I think. As I am getting onto  I take a sip and realize it is root beer. I was sad. But not willing to go back.
Ive been to this McDonalds several times since its near work. ?I tend to think only people who have had bad experiences will take the time to write a review which I dont think reflects very well. ?For how many people they serve at lunch from Lane Tech students to nearby workers to families I think theyve done a pretty consistent job at being quick and having the food taste good for McDonalds standards.On the downside drive-through ordering has a bit of an awkward setup especially if you want to head left after you leave. ?They also tend not to accept a lot of promotional coupons. ?The quality of the food dips a bit after lunch.
Crappy female manager who argued with me when I dared to return a grilled chili chicken wrap which these idiots added MAYONAISE! ?Oh you need to tell us no mayo when you order. ?Oh do I also have to tell you to make sure the food is hot and not appearing as though a  ton elephant had sat upon it? ?Give me a big mac oh no.....you will get another wrap this time you need to ask to hold the mayo. ?Hmmmmm with WENDYs White Castle Popeyes and a ton of other choice how about you hold that chicen wrap between YOUR KNEES?
This has to have one of the sloiwest drive thrus of all Mcdonalds. This was incredible and how they can have this in chicago is beyond my guesses. I waited fifteen minutes for three cars ahead of me one late night. There was not much activity inside and they had more than enough workers to prevent this
My daughter visited the PlayLand area which had signs that stated NO BARE FEET by requirement from the Health Department and that socks were available to purchase if needed. My family and I read signs and obey them so I made sure that my daughter wore socks. However other peoples children were playing in bare feet. I would say that at least half of the kids in the PlayLand were without socks! I brought this to the attention of the managers in the store THREE times! Once a manager came over and simply watched for about two minutes and then left. Other managers dismissed the complaint! Some one needs to enforce these rules because they serve a purpose health! I am very disgusted and disappointed by this restaurant and their disregard for basic health and safety issues.
Drive-Through sucks for Customers AND Employees! I was here last winter and they built what looks like a parking lot payment booth on the edge of the building so you can pay before you get up to the next window. You have to swing sharply around this booth because the lot was most certainly designed before the booth was added. Last winter I saw a super elder employee wearing a jacket in this booth. I am certain they can not keep this booth up to required heat levels in chicago! I felt so bad for this old lady wearing a thick coat and scarf! The summer before I brought my neice to play in the playhouse and it was hotter than heck in there when I asked for airconditioning they said its broken about a week and a half later it was still hot and still broken or so I was told. You think that if a company like McDonalds called a heating and aircondition company they would be there like super fast! I think it was cost cutting saving electricity!
People... its MC DONALDS! Stop taking it so seriously. Dont like the fries ask for fresh ones. Viola! Youll have them in a few minutes. I love goilng there I get myself a side salad or a mcdouble with mac sauce shreadded lettuce minus ketchup and mustard $. instead of the BIG MAC price and the kids a  piece chicken nugget meal. Under $ for the three of us to eat and they can play and play and play until they burn out. They always knock the hell out for the night when I get home... worth more than $ if you ask me! Eat at home and have a parfait lets the kids play for $. Good budget eat & play place!
Management is rude and disrespectful as well as argumentative to the customers. McDonalds Corp. should be embarrassed. I had just experience just recently with cold and old food and I even dared to return the sandwich and boy did I catch hell from the Manager Lady. After these reviews here and on yahoo I may be contacting the headquarters after all they are the closest one to my house. I should have to contend with that no matter what.
Its where dreams come true.
It has not improved the service. Sunday morning one long line at the one register open. Lots of staff behind the counter running around looking confused. One guy moping the floor. Someone says STEP OVER STEP OVER. ?One employee is at a register very busy pushing buttons. So I Step Over to her. She looks up at me - annoyed look on her face and says something in a foreign language shakes her head No and then she leaves the register.The one line at the one operating register is even longer. Still the group behind the counter mills around looking clueless.I go out.I may come back in a couple of years.
Denied me a vanilla cone bc it was too late assholes. Whats the point in being open for  hours?
I went to this McDonalds for dinner and after I ordered my food and pulled up to the window they handed me a drink caddy with my drinks and two glasses in it that I didnt ask for. I believe they charged me for these without me knowing unless they are free. Then I was instructed to pull forward and wait. I have had this happen before and it usually isnt a big deal. After waiting for a little bit the guy came out with my food. When inspecting it I asked him for my other french fry and he went in and grabbed it. When He came back I had inspected the bag a little more and realized I had an extra  piece chicken nugget but was missing another double cheese burger. When I informed him of this he looked at me and told me I was wrong because he made it himself. At this point I was very frustrated after being called a liar over a freaking cheese burger. I asked him to look in the bag and he took it back inside corrected the order by taking back the nuggets probably to resell them and replacing it with a burger. only one of the burgers were made right when handing me the bag he waved the receipt in my face something I never received a copy of and told me it is right now because I have your receipt. I would expect it to be right only to get home and find out that it wasnt. This isnt the first time I have had a problem at this location and Im a little tired of spending my money at a place that obviously doesnt appreciate it.
The name is very misleading. They are not fast. Its as fast as your standard McDonalds. They remodeled this McDonalds into more of a family restaurant. Maybe this change will work better than their express claim.
Whats the point of ordering an M&Ms McFlurry only to have it give you an upset stomach and go right down the toilet within five minutes?How can you get one simple McFlurry order wrong? Apparently five different ways with this location. Accidentally drilling a hole through the first cup with the McFlurry machine and spilling all over your hands Instead of throwing the first cup away put it in a second cup Filling the cup only halfway Making the McFlurry with a spoiled milk M&Ms dissolving in the McFlurry somehowReminds me of why I havent been to a McDonalds in a long time.
Considering their undeniable success McDonalds is an impressive chain. They are generally known for good quality control. Unfortunately this particular location has a lot of quality issues. The buns are not soft and the burgers are rubbery as if prepared well in advance and nuked upon order. The fries are not fresh and they fill the fry carton only part way. The soft drink fountain is frequently out of at least  drink - nobody has been paying attention and you have to tell them about it. No coffee refills here either. You get the idea.
Alma is the so called manager at this McDs by far the worst customer service Ive ever experienced she was upset because they got my order wrong and I brought it to her attention. There after I can see and hear her complaining to the other employees in front of customers not sure whats up her butt seems to me mad at the world.....very unprofessional!!!!
Was overcharged for a breakfast meal told the person in charge. He didnt even care. Just said price went up. He didnt give me back the difference. ?I even showed him the price on the receipt.
Living so close to this place I love coming here for a quick bite to eat if Im getting groceries in the area or if Im on my way somewhere and dont have a lotta money on me. The dollar menu is my best friend. The place is pretty small - I usually get my stuff to go so I dont have to worry about that. The service is pretty standard for McDonalds and wait isnt that long.Its located in a small shopping center so there is a parking lot. Overall its close and convenient - win win situation.
For being a McDonalds Express there is no Express about it! ?The last time I was here in July I swore it would be my last and it has been. ?I would rather drive to Pilsen or South Loop to another McDonalds than to set foot in here again. ?The parking is ridiculous...be careful and grab your kids hands while crossing the lot!I was in a hurry that summer Sunday in July so I stopped in to pick up some breakfast sandwiches to go. ?Not only did I wait over a half hour in line but the ?order takers did not seem at all concerned that ?there was a line out the door. ?It was so crowded in there people were breathing down my neck actually in my personal space. ? Homeless looking people were allowed to walk in and hang out and the cashier had a huge hickey on her neck. ?WTF!
I guess the size of the place and items on the menu is what determines the name of the place. It is express as in limited menu and small place!You can order a small fries and youll be waiting for  minutes. Everyone else who ordered meals would get their food before you would even though they ordered after you. After all youre a small fry...
If I could go minus  I would try for minus ...filthy dirty I dont know how corporate lets this place stay open...disgusting
This McDonald compared to a regular McDonald is pretty bad. For one it is smaller and doesnt have all the stuff that a regular McDonald have. They do not have a drive thru since it is an Express. Also they do not have my favorite Sweet Tea. The service here is okay at best but I admit sometimes it is horrible. The parking lot is tragic if you come on Monday. It sucks that this is the closest one to me but the food for the most part is the same as any McDonald.
Ive been living in this neighborhood since I was . Back in the day the cheapest place to get a burger and fries was Maxwells on st. In my family during that time eating at Mcdonalds was luxury item. Why was it a luxury? Because my parents highly frowned upon processed and can foods. As a rebellious child growing up eat at a Mcdonalds was luxury. The closest place without a car had to be in McKinley Park. Fast forward a few years and the McDonalds express opened. Despite it being fastfood it poses as a treat to all the locals in the neighborhood after playing sports at Mcguane or just grabbing a quick bite. This Mcdonalds is very small compared to other Mcdonalds but they do serve most items. Since they marketed their $ menu couple of years ago the dollar menu has never changed. McChickens and Mcdoubles were always a $. Now with the advertised $ breakfast menus and any size drink there are a lot of cheap options. My only grievance is that they dont have sweet tea and salads but unsweetened tea is available. It doesnt feel right to goto any McDonalds for a salad... it just doesnt make sense to me.I come here a couple times a month for ice coffee hot coffee and a sandwich or two. The location is convenient to grab a quick bite pick up my dry cleaning or pick up a few small items from Walgreens. The occurrence of pan-handlers has increased since Pacific Garden Missions moved to Canal St and it has also died down since the new police station has been placed on st and Halsted. Slowly and surely this neighborhood is urbanizing. I cant wait to see more of it.
They forgot my order I was waiting  mins for my food.
AVOID- Horrendous lines horrendous customer service horrendous parking lot.Enjoy the homeless people begging for money.
One time I was waiting for my meal about  minutes went by I asked the cashier where is my foods? She answered someone took it I waited another  minutes for them to make another one. This has happened to me twice at this MacDonald ?I dont know who to blame the customers who thought there is another bag of food sitting here and just grab it or the cashier who didnt care the right person get the foods. Anyway this MacDonald is one of kind I went to many other fast foods joints.
If I were to die and go to hell this McDonalds would certainly provide a worthy backdrop for a nightmare imagined.Lets begin the story of my worst dinner of my life at this sad little stop in a strip mall of no particular visual appeal under a bleak and cold Chicago evening. All things being fair the culinary experience was doomed for failure given certain personal and tragic circumstances I wont get into here.Upon stepping to the counter I gave pause to the abbreviated menu not worthy of a McDonalds Express which is a new concept to me all-together. I decided to play it safe with the classic cheeseburger meal with an intimidating amount of fries and drink aka The Value Meal. My meal was served up a little too quickly with all due credit to the server. The food seemed to appear from nowhere - gremlins cooking the food? I could see the grease seeping through one of the burger wrappers. At this point I made a snap substitution request no coke coffee instead - a hot beverage will make the grease go down smoother. My server obligated me in silence and I acknowledged her generosity. I took my tray and chose a seat by the front windows where parked cars would treat the diner with blinding light from their headlights but at least it was somewhat devoid of the cold glowing light emitting from the overhead florescent located in the rear of the restaurant.I sat down and emptied the contents of the bag fries and napkins no ketchup. I tasted one of the fries to determine if they were worthy of ketchup-free consumption but alas no they were slightly cold with a texture that left an unpleasant lump in your throat. I fetched several ketchup packets from the server kept under tight security behind the counter and returned to my table.Spilling out the ketchup packets on the table I noticed dried droplets of ketchup on the plastic packets. No turning back now I dug into my dinner with a overwhelming sadness for humanity and myself. So to sum upFries. They left an odd taste of seafood or fish to my palette. Perhaps they co-mingled food in the fryer. The luke-warm temparture made it a bit difficult to choke them down. Maybe some beer would have helped the process.Cheeseburgers. Lifting the top bun of any burger you can tell right away if there was any love in the preparation. Though consumable the burgers were not satisfying and tasted as if they sat under a heat lamp for too long also lukewarm.Coffee. I have tasted better coffee from a mechanical contraption in a corporate lunch room. It was watery lukewarm and slightly sweet in a way that amplified everything that went wrong with the coffee.Ketchup Packets. Looks like they were dropped on the floor at some point or recycled from a previous diner that did not use up all their ketchup.Customer Service. No complaints here its not exactly the most cheery place to work. Servers were speedy helpful and responsive.
This is a McDonalds Express so it sadly doesnt have the entire menu at all times. ?It reminds me that advertisements often include participation and availability may vary by location notices - this would be one of those cases. ?Fortunately the smaller menu means fewer different things for their cooks to remember how to prepare or distract them from these key menu items.Over half of the times Ive been in here no matter how busy Ive had my food handed to me in less than  minutes from paying for it. ?Thats Express people!The only thing that drags this place down is the atmosphere. ?the counter is tiny and only holds two registers so at any busy point in time the line of people engulfs the only walking space and makes its way to the door and sometimes extends OUT the door though Ive only seen that during dinner times as Ive passed by on my way home from Unique or something.The soda machine has once or twice been low on syrup yielding a nasty beverage - but its outside the counter so you can refill it with something else on your own. ?The tables for sitting are VERY close together meaning its difficult to eat your food in peace at this location without being bothered by someones family issues or rampant children. ?It can get very loud here.But all in all if youre stopping in for something to go this is a great place for that. ?Just make sure to check that what you want is on their smaller menu and take note that sometimes the sales regular McDonalds can have on menu items doesnt necessarily apply here. ?So pay attention and then you can enjoy your McDonalds food.And youll enjoy it better at home instead of sitting in cramped quarters with rambunctious broodlings.
They have bad service and very rude
Its McDonalds so I dont expect a lot. ?As this location is on my route to work ?I stop in every so often. ?The drive up is a nightmare so they lost a point. ? Whether its morning or night ?theres always a long line. ?I normally park on the residential street and walk over. Inside its been newly remodeled from a few years earlier. Everything is affordable and theres even a dollar menu. ?Ive found the customer service here just average. ?My last incident the supervisor was rude about a request I made to my order so they lost another point there. I get that they are unpaid and overworked ?but I didnt pick this job for you hun and not everyone eats the same.
Im not a big fan of mcdonalds. But once in a great while Ill go. The four times that I have gone there in the  years I live in this area they have gotten every single order wrong. The last straw was today when I was in a hurry and got home only to see a wrong order. I checked it when they first gave it to me all wrappers look good get home open wrappers and they arent the right sandwiches! ?I drive all the way back ask for a manager told her this happens every single time she got me the right order but no apology. As of matter of fact she said nothing at all! ?Never again. Dont go to this location
This McDonalds has the worst service of any that I have visited in the world - and I Mean that quite literally. Cold food incorrect orders after long wait times prices on their own menu not even being honored the list goes on and on. In fact they automatically upcharge you unless you specify that you only want a small or regular you will be paying almost $ for a large meal that you didnt even want. While this sounds like an easy fix if you arent fluent in Spanish good luck communicating with any of the employees who work here.
Ooh All nightALL nightooh every nightso hold tight...hold tight...oooh baby hold tight!Any way you want itthats the way you need itAny way you want itthats the way you need itany way you want it!Sweet FUCing Chili sauce! ?Thats what inspired me to break into Journey songs and rave about this particular  hour McDonalds. ?I did a serious Uey when I saw the sign boasting that the new sweet chili sauce was here. ?Deliciouso!I smothered that sauce all over my Southern Style Crispy sandwich. ?It was amazing!
I am going to be a ?connoisseur of everything McDonalds very soon! ?I didnt realize how many I have been too until they kept popping up in my feed!Okay thats not why you came to this review to read me ramble on about nothing!Now this McDonalds is clean and although there is sometimes a language barrier when I go I still go back because the food is always fresh and hot!The last time I went though they ran out of Canadian bacon for the egg McMuffin which was on sale buy one get one free and instead of allowing me to get another sandwich in its place I was just told I had to order something else.I thought that was wrong since they are the one that couldnt keep up with demand!Other than that I have no complaints and I have never had a problem with this McDonaldsI noticed all the other review were from years past so as a customer that comes to this one a lot...This McDonalds is A-Ok for me!
Breakfast stops at  am. I had no idea. Ggrrr
So my first experience with this McDonalds was the day that I moved in. I had a couple friends helping me. This McDonalds is directly across the street from my apartment.So after witnessing a guy smash his van we later were told by the po-po that it was stolen into the light pole right at the corner then watching him exit the vehicle and run maniacly down North Ave. away from the scene we decided we were hungry. We thought why not go to McDs. Seems logical. I mean McDs is always the same no matter where you go right? And it was certainly conveniently located. At least it appears conveniently located. Oh its not. Attempting to cross North Ave. at my intersection is really a situation where you are taking your life into your hands. This is a    oh hell I dont even know how many corners there are here intersection. And one of the lights is only green for one side of the street but has no sign indicating that anywhere so people either dont stop or just stand there. You feel like you are playing Frogger. Except not with a pixellated frog but rather with your own skin and organs.If you make it into the building with your spinal cord still attached to your body you will see they always have at least  people working here. Yet there are never more than  registers open at once. And the only people working those registers are either a. ancient non-english speaking women b. mentally handicapped. Hey I appreciate their sense of social responsibility to hire the old and degenerate. I do not appreciate the game of charades I must play with the cashiers to get my order right.While you are waiting the  plus minutes it takes to get your food here you may notice that this McDonalds is a bit different from the rest. Ricky Martin pictures signed Selena CDs and gigantic Enrique Iglesias are the decor of choice here. Apparantly this is the Latin Rock n Roll McDonalds. Couple that with the fact that its the only McDonalds I have ever seen that has Jalepenos as a condiment and the fact that they look at me as if I am lost every time I walk in there I think its safe to say the clientele here is pretty set.Overall the location service and neighborhood sucks. I would give it only  star but hey its open - and its McDonalds.
At a time when people are finally realizing that we must eat healthy to be healthy McDonalds makes no moves away from their overly processed junk food. This McDonalds is focused on cars and its parking lot is twice as big as the restaurant. Go to the La Perla Tapatia which is right next door.
Never thought Id write a review about a McDonalds but I feel compelled. ?This one was just re-built replacing a perfectly servicable old one. ?Whatever its their money.My problem with the new one is that its parking lot configuration and ease of ingressegress is even more stupid than the old one if thats possible. ?You see if youre coming from the east entrance into the lot either via entrances on North Avenue or Lowell one way north is no problem. ?If youre coming from the west on North Avenue or from the south on Kostner you literally cannot enter the parking lot. ?At all. I thought by turning left onto Kostner a fairly main-drag kind of street I could enter as you could with the old one. ?Nope. ?No entrance any more on Kostner. ?And you cannot turn left from North Avenue to Lowell because theres a median I think either way youre risking an accident or a ticket. ?Theres an alley directly behind the lot which is not only fenced off from Mickey Ds but one way going out. ?So I drive AROUND THE BLOCK past Lowell the one-way street next to McDonalds to Kildare back to North Avenue then enter. ?Jesus. ?The entrance has one of those divided-curb thingys which was barely wide enough for my compact car. ?There are TWO drive-thru lanes from which to order food but then they merge into one waiting line so you can end up in this single line ahead of someone whos been waiting longer or vice-versa so why bother? ?The rest was standard McDonalds WHY cant you at least offer me salsa for my breakfast burrito?....I got no sauce no ketchup no napkins nuthin.OK then to get out and go back east on North Avenue you must basically repeat the maze-bullshit from above only in the reverse. ?You used to be able to exit onto Kostner then turn left on North Avenue. ?Now you are forced to either go west on Grand or North Avenue or go to Lowell north ?to Wabansia past a high school to Kildare to North Avenue. ?Got all that? ?Apparently the city thinks its more desirable for us to drive around an entire neighborhood than to use the only inexplicably one-way alley in the entire neighborhood to get home from fucking McDonalds. ?I felt like rat in a ghetto-maze only with a soon-to-be-cold Egg McMuffin.So in a nutshell if you live west of here you cant get in. ?If you live east of here you cant get out. ?And ya cant really go north either. ?Its maddening. ?If you must go to THIS McDonalds walk or take the bus seriously. ?From my house at the halfway point between the two I will just go down to the one at KedzieNorth. ?I realize McDonalds andor the city are trying to protect themselves from lawsuits from our shitty driving and that badly designed intersection but if its that dangerous which it is then just DONT BUILD IT THERE. ?Its a square lot yet needlessly complicated. ?Grrr.
Drive thru is clueless. Customer service leaves a lot to be desired. I must be honest and state that I have only passed through here for  a happy meal for my son or  a coffee. They have managed to screw both of those up. Some language barriers exist before you judge I am bilingual EnglishSpanish. I have more than once had to clarify drink orders. Plus my request for salsa for a breakfast burrito resulted in ketchup and not the salsa I wanted aftering stating in Spanish what I wanted. 
I had surgery on Friday and I figured a sausage biscuit would help me have a bowel movement since Im on pain meds. And that says a lot about how I feel about the food here So I begged my BF to go get me one. . They gave him the wrong food and . There was a finger nail in my hash brown bag. BEYOND DISGUSTING. Whoever is in charge here should be ashamed of themselves.
Just a regular McDonalds . Nothing too out of the ordinary average workers and average service. Its always busy in the mornings. The drive thru line most of the time is literally leading out of the parking lot.
Two all beef patties special sauce lettuce cheese pickles onions on a sesame seed bun?All that AND great customer service. ?The manager is all over his team here making this a remarkably friendly McDs.
When Im overly busy convenience will often nudge itself up to be one of the weightier considerations when trying to manage dinner when I dont have time to make dinner. But with this McDonalds I get apprehensive driving into the parking lot because I know there is going to be an % chance of a wrong order. From here on out Im going to smack convenience across the face if it encourages me to go to this McDonalds.
I dont care if the owner is my next neighbor or he lives in Malaysia if you cant consistently give people what they ordered you suck.Ive been here about  times. ?Once - I think - my order was correct. ?On the other times were not talking about forgetting the napkins. ?Oh no were talking about gross deficiencies in cookingprep or were talking about forgetting a cheeseburger or as happened to me yesterday leaving out an entire pack of chicken nuggets and the sauce. ?I understand screwing up every now and then but enough times to be a theme? ?Id rather the place be run by cold fascists and get my order right.I live a few blocks away but have no plans to go back. ?Theres other McDs around and the cost of the gas to drive there will be made up by the increased chance that Ill actually get the crap food I paid for.
Normally I wouldnt take the time to rate a McDonalds as the product is relatively consistent across all locations. However this location is terrible and deserves to be called out as such. This location is the closest to my home and as a result I would go here frequently when the McDonalds urge arose. No more. Every time I pull in to this place it seems quicker to head inside rather than sit in their slowly creeping drive through only to find out upon arriving home they failed to include an item in my order. ?The employees are an unmotivated bunch who doesnt seem to care about customer service. Cleanliness is marginal. There are too many other local places to go count me out of this place for good.
This might be the prettiest McDonalds in the area. ?It was recently rennovated in the Prairie Style Frank Lloyd Wright is a big attraction here in Oak Park and it resembles a lovely hotel lobby. ?Stained glass woodwork even a fireplace! ?The reason they did this is that Ray Kroc McDonalds founder was from Oak Park.They really need to remodel the staff though. You dont expect these folks to be rocket scientists like Jackson R. but a simple order for two people shouldnt have three mistakes! ?I love their Asian Chicken salad but half the time I have to ask for the right dressing or the packet of almonds is missing. ?The ugly tiny McDonalds in the basement of Childrens Hospital gets it perfect every time.
The founder of this local resturaunt lived and went to high school less than a mile from the store. ?Talk about locally owned! They sell french fries shakes and all different types of cheeseburgers. ?Their logo is a cute golden m. ?They sell kids meals so dont be alarmed its fun for the whole family!They have excellent soft-serve ice cream cones and strange tasting yet authentic cultural salads. ?I recommend the snack-wraps!
Very poor service and super slow I hate going to this location
Still a trashy location but it has been verified that drug deals DO go on there so youll have something interesting to watch while the jerk taking your order gets off phone.
I just had the worst experience ever! First the car behind me was waited on before me and pulled in front of me. ?When I made it to the cashier I asked if there was an issue with the drive thru he said no. ?He knew what happened but didnt apologize. ?When I reached the window for my mocha I waited five minutes and there was no ice in the mocha. ?The ice had melted while I waited. ?They told me to pull up and they will make me a new one. ?After about ten cars and ten minutes I left without my mocha!
I hate this place. ?I will go without coffee and eating no matter how tired andor starving I am. ?Tons of people working and no one waits on the customers. ?Or the white customers take a back seat to the black customers even if the white customer is the next person in line. ?I complained to OakBrook Corporate Headquarters and still after that had bad experiences here. ?I dont think I will go to any McDonalds anymore.
Great peoplegreat atmosphere  and the cashier was the sweetest girl Ive ever met. Always polite and very friendly never a problem when I go there. They have the greatest coffee around and they know exactly how I like it. Even though I work on the other side of the train tracks I only go to that McDonalds.
Nice new restaurant with a friendly cashier. Lovely interior. Bathrooms were not clean and one was broken. ?It took way too long to get our food.
If you expect service with a smile or respect go anywhere else. ?I had a manager hand me change last night at the drive thru and she dropped some of my change. ?I have a bad lower back and asked for the difference. ?She outright refused to give me the correct change and basically told me I could pick it up. ?She claimed she was the manager and then threatened to call the police. ?I have never in my life had such a horrible customer service experience. ?She was extremely rude. ?They should train every employee at this particular McDonalds about customer service. ?ESPECIALLY the managers. ?Very unprofessional!
I was just there and they messed my order up big time not happy with this mcdonalds at all instead of dancing around and playing they should of been makin the food right !
Came in here for a meeting with a client since it was halfway between our respective locales. They had apparently just cleaned the whole place which was odd because rather than a DANGER WET FLOOR it sort of reminded me of a swamp as the floors and all of the surfaces were all equally moist. Not just-wiped-down moist but rather cleaned and left very damp by someone who wasnt quite sure how to use a wiping-mechanism.I guess the coffee was okay but a couple of people during my  minutes there I overheard complaining about how they had skimped on ketchup packets. Thats th one gent said. Serious.
I went thru the drive thru so you expect low expectations LOL. The girl in the first window had such a bad attitude and was so rude though. She kept smacking her window seal to tell me to move faster when the car in front of me was still next to the window. HOW RUDE!!!!!!!!!!!!! At least I got to the second window and the lady who gives the food was so nice but damn that first girl needed an attitude adjustment
so I have had  good experience and many bad. ?this time I remembered to take a photo literally looks like they threw my burger ?at the wall. I had to rebuild my own burger and then the holiday pie was burnt. why in Gods sweet name would you serve that somebody. ?anyway I am a mall employee so I will probably be back there do lack of options but I hope for a better experience in the furture.
Sandwiches are always messy. Sometimes they dont put sugar in a cream and sugar coffee. Its a McDonalds.
You are in the drive thru at McDs...you arent allowed to be angry that they got the order wrong. ?ITS WHAT THEY DO. ?Check the bag at the window. Always. ?Always. ?Mmmmmm fries and a shake. ?Me likey.
Biggest bunch of IDIOTS I have ever encountered. I mean really you have ONE job. Its a pathetic place. You cant even get a drink order right.
I have yet to get an order correct at this ?location. ?You get smart ass remarks when ?u speak to the manager and corporate just apologizes and do not take any steps to improve this location. ? Even if i just order a hamburger and ?fri i will ?get cheeseburger and the ?fri is missing. ?Employees are rude and act like they r hanging ?on the street rather than working ?at a job. ?They need to hire competent employees who really want ajob and have enough self respect to perform their job with some pride. ?Its a shame ?because ?it is an ideal location and i hate having to drive to a further location because they just cant get it.
YES and NO depp on ur mood! well the guys who working there have a hard time to understand ur order and make it right! happened few times to me and i live like  min away! but the good thing open !
It appears that someone at McDonald-land corporate has taken to Yelp to read reviews because the service here has gotten a little better than what Ive posted before.So far I havent seen any gross mistakes like before remember the McRib issue? the customer service has been ok the staff actually SMILE now and seem truly interested in what youre ordering and for the most part I havent had any do-overs for orders.I may be able to trust this McDonalds again. ?Only time will tell.
Okay I seriously got the best service of any McDonalds ever at this place in the drive through when I passed through on my way back into the city. Each person taking the order taking the payment and giving us our food were all SO incredibly nice. I never pull away from a drive through and say They were all so freaking nice I love them. Hell I rarely say that at a sit down restaurant but I was super impressed. And for a McDonalds? I mean in theory its ridiculous. But true! Im pretty startled to see the bad reviews here... but I guess no one thinks to review a McDonalds unless they get mad? Anyway- two thumbs up!
Never get your order right. ? And most of the time its because I pull up to the window and the woman is joking around with other people that work there. ? Hmm. ? ?I wonder why my order was taken wrong.
It about  or  minutes for me to receive  cheeseburgers and a French fry in line with maybe  customers. I did appreciate however that I was given a fresh new fry when it took my burgers so long. I didnt even have to ask they did it automatically.
I have been here many times. ?Dont think I will return after the last time - drive thru order was wrong and what I did get looked like it had been run over by a car. ?I emailed them and they left me an apology message and said that they would send me a coupon for a free meal to make up for it. ?That never arrived. ?I would just like to get the food that I am supposed to get and paid for.
Another McDonalds need I say more? McDonalds. Comparable to crack. You know its bad for you but you keep wanting more. So Ive heard. =
This has to be the worst McDonalds location I have ever been to. ? It is too bad since it is only a couple of miles away from the corporate headquarters you would think they would be out to impress. We walked in with nobody in front of us and waited for someone to even come to the front counter. ? I always expect to have someone front and center at the counter when I walk in. ?Keep in mind that this was  on a Friday one would think that it would be busy for dinner. ?I should have picked up on the fact that nobody was even there and left. ? The order was simple the bacon cheeseburger meal and a nugget kids meal. ? It took forever to fulfill the order. ? They have everyone running around for the drive-thru and the  cars in line but nobody helping the front staff. ?Meanwhile the manager is per-occupied with filling the refrigerator with apple slices rather than managing the storestaff. ?We finally sit down and every table in the place was dirty. ?I had to grab some napkins and wet them down to clean off the table we sat at. ? Needless to say my daughter is a slow eater so we were there for at least a  hour and never saw anyone come and clean tables. The food was horrible and not by McDonalds standards but by human consumption standards. ? The nuggets were cold the second we opened the bag. ? The burger was cold and the bun was stale. ? The french fries were cold and looked like they were sitting around for awhile. ?There was so much salt on the fries that I actually had to throw them away. ? I love McDonalds french fries but not when made here. I should have learned my lesson the first time I went to this place and the nuggets were cold last time. I miss the days when you went into a McDonalds and heard the sizzle of the grill and the french fry frier beeping that it was done. ?Alas steer clear of the Yorktown McDonalds it is nowhere near up to par as far as McDonalds standards should be.
Warm dining room fountain service friendly employees and a quick turnaround time.
 star.Horrible service. Inaccurate orders is a normal. Management has no prob disciplining staff in front of customers. Not cool.During the rush they remake everything... Even the sodas. So dont count on crunching your ice. It will be melted fifteen minutes after you leave the window.Today i was not at all impressed with the service i received. The female who look my order was short and snippy when i asked about a ment item that was not on the board.I cant stand this location and i will start driving to oakbrook or glen Ellen if they cant get it together.Geesh.
pretty simple review i work the early morning shift and they are open  hours. ?Ive gone twice in the past week to get a coffee and one time they had to pull out the pot and start making it and the other time they told me they only were accepting cash!!!one thing you should have at that hour is coffee and I supsect something sketchy with the girl only accepting cash wont be going here again
what can you say. Its McDonalds.Breakfast drive-thru crew always good. LunchDinner. ummmm....Cashiers are good but some how every time I order my food wo certain ingredients they do the opposite.....
Work nearby so used to stop for drive thru breakfast items. Poorest McDonalds I have ever been to and with five miles of World headquarters in Oak Brook. I would say they got my order correct about  percent of the time. The manager after a time recognized me when I parked and came in for order correction. It is not only me I work in a  persons office and when I see someone carrying a Mc Donalds before I can ask  they begin to tell me how their coffee or sandwich was wrong. My biggest grip is paying for extra condiments syrup and not getting it . It is on my receipt ..... Staff cannot read or when you ask them  they lie to you they put in. I know bigger problems to worry about in world. But when you pay extra for something and then get lied to ....... Hello Burger King......
I went here shortly after they opened. I got here at  to get a large coke with no ice. I went through the drive thru. The line was about  deep but I figured with it being fast food it would be fast. It took about  mins to get up to the speaker. I order a large coke no ice and the guy put it correctly on my screen. I paid in about  mins and got to the window to pick up in  more mins. So it was pm by this point. The lady at the nd window handed me a drink and said You just had a diet right? I told her no I had a large coke no ice. She leaves the window and comes back about  mins later. She hands me a bag of food and a diet coke. I told her no I just want a large coke no ice. Oh ok. So she goes back and comes back about  more mins later. She handed me a drink with no ice. I was so sick of this at this point that I pulled off. I knew it was going to be diet I stabbed the straw in it and found diet. I was out of the parking lot by this point and raving mad. So I had to go turn around in another businesses parking lot. I got to the Mcdonalds parking lot entrance and the drive thru was so backed up I couldnt get back in. So I went the wrong way on the one way side of the building and parked all retardly. I ran inside dumped out the crappy diet and got my own coke. I was so furious how hard is it to read a stupid screen. Lesson learned never go through drive thru for a drink.....
This review is only for their customer service and iced coffee. ?I try to avoid McDonalds since they really dont have anything on their menu I can eat being a vegetarian and all. ?Fish filet no thanks! ?After the recent horrible storm that came through and led to my power being out. ?I needed a place to charge my electronics since ComEd was going to be busy and I was sure they would not fix my power before the next day. ? I ordered an iced coffee and asked the young fella about outlets that I can use. ?He came from behind the counter to bring me my coffee and try to help me find outlets. ?His parents must have raised him right! For that fine young worker they deserve the four stars.
I needed some quick breakfast this morning. I was in and out of the drive through in under a minute. Staff was smiling even though it was the crack of dawn and the food was hot and the order correct. good as it gets in my opinion
Well it may be a brand new store but it still suffers from the same problem as most fast food stores . Bad help ! I went with my wife and she ordered by number  no problem . I ordered a southwest salad  was asked what type of chicken  I gave my choice  then I was asked about the dressing  I chose the southwest  asked for an extra . Was told the total  and paid . Waited what seemed like forever and a tray was pushed our direction  I did not see an extra dressing and asked about it  a manager type told me it was . extra  I told him I asked for it when I ordered  he looked at the receipt and said I was not charged for it and I would have to pay . It was not the . but how he said it .He was very condescending for such a young man . We go to Wendys on Roosevelt in Lombard and are treated like kings ! I have over the years sworn off McDonalds for just the same treatment . Why do they continue to put people at the register who do not speak english or are just afraid of people ? Bt rge way ny salad was good as was my wifes fish sandwich  fries were a bit on the cold side but passable . We were not in the store at rush it was  !
Its McDs...Sunday mornings - check your bags for straws and napkins. ?This is a regular stop during my Sunday rituals and my biggest gripe is that I have to run into the restaurant to acquire these items.
How the fuck can you forget the cheese on a cheeseburger? ?Seriously every time I go youll fuck up my order take for ever. Worst fucking service ever. And youll want dollars an hour. Get the fuck out of here
I dont know why people have a problem with this McDonalds. ?Ive never had issues with my orders and nobody has EVER been less than pleasant and nice to me. ?Maybe because Im not a rude jerk to them. ? The only complaint I have is that youll never be able to make a left turn out of the parking lot. ?Seriously Id pay an extra dollar to have Grimmace stand on Arlington Heights Road to block traffic while I make a left turn to get out of the drive-thru exit. ?Maybe the new Happy Meal mascot will do traffic control duties to ease the burden of exiting McDonalds. ?That would make me Happy.
I wish I could give  stars! After waiting  minutes in the drivethru we still didnt have our food. Went in to see what was up and Everybody in there was standing around doing nothing. Left with no food. This is McDonalds people Im not asking for a steak cooked well done!
Crazy noisy screaming kids here add to the usual ambiance of dirty tables hard to understand counter staff and the typical gourmet food offerings. ?Another day in minimum wage heaven!
My thoughts on this McDonalds are kind of mixed. I have generally had a good experience coming to breakfast here - the food is usually fresh and hot and the service prompt.But the evening drive thru can be a mixed bag. One night I drove up and all  the employees were standing outside having a smoke - had to wait for them to finish until they got situated again. That shouldnt happen. So a three star review is what they get - good thing the breakfast team carries the load there!
I had a $ chicken sandwich here two separate times and both times it smelled like stale carpet. I understand that Im spending only a dollar but at least sell fresh food!I will never go back to this place.
This place lack of integrity.I purchased some breakfast muffins and coffee for my office staff. ?They charged me very high prices. ?I was in a rush and did not have time to argue.The next day at the same time I purchased the same thing in a different McDonald for our Chicago office staff the bill is $+ less.I do not have the time to go back to this McDonald to argue. ?I just need to tell everyone do not go to this place. ?The people there charge crazy prices and was not appear to be honest.
One of my earliest memories of Arlington Heights is coming to this McDonalds with my dad before my first day of school school for breakfast. ?Its been remodeled since then. ?Im a big fan of McDonalds breakfast. ?Ive been to this particular drive through for breakfast on a handful of occassions. ?My experience overall has been pleasant. ?The woman who works at the drive through in the morning is friendly.There was one time they got my order wrong. ?I ordered two #s which are Egg McMuffin meals but instead I got Sausage McMuffin meals.
I dont understand why people have qualms with this McDonalds. its a McDonalds. its standard. Their business model is standardization. ?It is A-ok just a plain old McDonalds. never had anything crazy occur to me here!
This McDonalds is such a shame. I went late night with my bud last night & they kind of sort of sucked a whole lot. First of all mid order in the drive thru the guy stopped listening to me place our order & started talking to whoever he was working with. He went on & on about the headsets. Finally after a minute or two he said sorry what was that? It was like am and the drive thru was packed with cars they had us wait...who knows for which item because we didnt get anything unusual. We sat & sat & sat....as car after car passed us & left. We think they may have forgotten about us. Finally I wanted Sweet & Sour sauce for nuggies & it was noted on the screen...Yet I got BBQ sauce. Twas a sad situation to eat with a sauce I dont like while scarfing down the food with my buddy in the parking lot. hehe Based on my experience & the other reviews avoid this location. However if its late night & youre feening for some nuggies this location is  Hours so it may be your only option!
Standard run-of-the-mill McDonalds. They all kind of blur together for me. The only reason why this one stood out at all for me was the fact that the Drive-thru takes forever.I was seriously not-kidding in line for about  minutes.Which is why I had enough time to check-in and start my review for this place... Bully for them.At least its not as bad as the McDonalds off of Dundee and Rand -- by the Home Depot. That one always messes up orders are rude and when they had the Monopoly pieces -- they actually REMOVED the pieces from my brothers meal. Absurd!
The Hamburglar actually workz the drive thru. Because all I heard was rubble-rubble!
This place is terrible. We went through the drive thru and ordered a value meal and a wrap. ?They gave us the drink and the bag which we assumed contained everything. ?When we got home we found both the wrap and the receipt missing. ?My boyfriend returned fuming and when he asked for the missing wrap he was denied because he didnt have the receipt! ?The receipt they never gave us! He had to buy a new wrap. ?Were never returning here again.
What can we expect from McDonalds LOL LOL LOL!
These guys really do suck. ?Theyre in such a hurry to get you through the place that they really dont care if your order is right. ?We just drove through and the only thing they did get right was the bill. ?Check your bag before you leave the window!!
Worst McDonalds Ive ever been to. Slow and Incompetent staff! Ive been to this McDonalds  times since it is right by my house and each time was a very bad experience. This cant be a coincidence where every experience was poor. I went inside to order and each time took  to  minutes to get my order.  out of the  times other customers complained because the staff forgot something where they had the wrong order missing items or also waited more than  minutes. I can imagine that these kind of errors would happen if the restaurant was extremely busy but by looking at the people inside and the drive thru outside...the place was not busy so do they give poor service every time I go there? The last time I told the manager that Ive been waiting over  minutes for  cheeseburgers fries and a coke so why does it take over  minutes to get my order? She threw my fries back and gave me new ones and then I waited another  minutes to get the cheeseburgers. BAD PLACE. Do not go unless you have the patience to wait or want to receive or miss the wrong things in your orders.
Horrible Service staff is not bothered they are just lazy and dont care. ?I would say avoid this place. else you gonna spoil your day. Today I went to get coffee and the place looked chaotic with so many customers. I wasnt sure if all of those customers were waiting to order to pick their orders. One of the staff member was at cash register lazily looking at customers and not doing anything. When I was about to ask her if I can order she said she is ready for next order. I order a latte and it was horrible cold and too much sugary syrup. I would rate  but thats not possible.Just Avoid It
Order # today at pm. Nobody else in line.  seconds to get my drink but six minute ticket time. Manager came forward grabbed the receipt out my hand crumpled it up and handed me my food. Do I need to repeat that? Corporate will be called.
This McDonalds is always horrible. ?I think that the only reason they are still open is because they are located in Tower City. ?The staff is rude the management is horrible. ?Turn around time is the worst. ?I waited  minutes for a coffee and a hash? ?This is not fast food. ?And if you say anything they treat you even worst.
Typically always bad service there.
This is the worst McDonalds Ive ever visited which is a shame because its very convenient to where I work. They have literary messed up every order Ive ever gotten there. The staff is rude and their Coke tastes like its half soda half Hi-C Orange. On the plus side theres always a cop there so they got that going for them which is nice.
A pathetic establishment. Theyre slow unprofessional dirty & getting fresh food is usually never gotta happen. I wish they would just tear it down. Staff Food Cleanliness Service Overall .If you go here expect a attitude from someone & dont expect your food to be fresh or right. Dont bother talking to a manager because they are just as ridiculous as the rest of the crew. Honestly if your not in a rush just go somewhere else thats your best bet to be honest.
Continues to be the worst McDonalds Ive ever been to.Just stopped for breakfast the employees couldnt move any slower if it were humanly possible an extremely discourteous.. I just dont understand how this place stays in business.
This has to be the worst McDonalds on the planet. The drive thru has got to be the slowest drive thru in the world. I have never had an order there where I didnt have to pull forward and wait. And the number of times Ive driven all the way home only to find out they put the wrong order in the bag this has been going on for years.
The worst Mcdonalds Ive been in. ?Make sure and check your order before you leave. Chances are its missing something.
I had the extremely rare and exciting experience of FINALLY getting a table at this dynamic and world renowned restaurant at  AM no less! Let me be the first to say that this place has THEE best hash browns of all time ANYWHERE. Also if you love lukewarm breakfast burritos look no further. This place has it all people ashamed of their weight transients less than average intelligent staff and wet floor signs lining every footpath. I would highly recommend this restaurant to those with almost no money and a hankering for some good ol fashioned microwaved meat eggs bread and cheese. The biggest bonus for eating here in my opinion was the terribly unfriendly service and awkward negligence from the point of sale clerk that was very bothered by the simple request I made to have her hand my sausage burrito to the kitchen personnel for it to be microwaved to a safe temperature. I will have to however give this AMAZING place a one star rating because I was listening to my headphones when I first walked in and that song came on my pandora that Ive never been too fond of. You know that one song by foo fighters that goes....Ive gotta confession to make Im no fool... I gotta... Well Ive never been much of a singer but you get it. Great place but sadly only one star. If however youre feeling daring give em a shot. Its a small business and they can definitely use your hard earned money. I wont ever be back but thats only because I have no taste in music nor am I hip to how the serviceor in this case lack thereof industry operates.
Bar none.. Worst McDonalds. If you frequent this location you are assured to be greeted by a rude disinterested and barely literate individual who will deliver you an incomplete or incorrect order. I live in the area and have kept a tally on my visits....  visits in  year  of the orders were filled with out any problems. All of which were performed by the morning breakfast crew which is FANTASTIC. A couple of the morning people have been there a long time and you can tell that they actually care about their jobs and want to be there. I am sure it cant be easy to staff a McDs.. but this location is terrible. ?If only i didnt get my yearly cheese burger craving i would never go to this location again.
I had the extremely rare and exciting experience of FINALLY getting a table at this dynamic and world renowned restaurant at  AM no less! Let me be the first to say that this place has THEE best hash browns of all time ANYWHERE. Also if you love lukewarm breakfast burritos look no further. This place has it all people ashamed of their weight transients less than average intelligent staff and wet floor signs lining every footpath. I would highly recommend this restaurant to those with almost no money and a hankering for some good ol fashioned microwaved meat eggs bread and cheese. The biggest bonus for eating here in my opinion was the terribly unfriendly service and awkward negligence from the point of sale clerk that was very bothered by the simple request I made to have her hand my sausage burrito to the kitchen personnel for it to be microwaved to a safe temperature. I will have to however give this AMAZING place a one star rating because I was listening to my headphones when I first walked in and that song came on my pandora that Ive never been too fond of. You know that one song by foo fighters that goes....Ive gotta confession to make Im no fool... I gotta... Well Ive never been much of a singer but you get it. Great place but sadly only one star. If however youre feeling daring give em a shot. Its a small business and they can definitely use your hard earned money. I wont ever be back but thats only because I have no taste in music nor am I hip to how the serviceor in this case lack thereof industry operates.
Pulling up to the drive through and asking a question about a new sandwich prompted a rude and uneducated answer from the female cashier. After getting my question answered through a number of short responses I ordered the double bacon grilled chicken sandwich.. Which had no bacon on it. Ridiculous establishment. Management should pay closer attention to who they hire.
Service slow and not good at all ... Ok - here is where consistency was extremely lacking in this well known chain. Nothing was good - right from the phony looking decorations and fake plants to the managers attitude!Before ordering - I asked if I could get a milkshake because it was early and was told yes - I proceeded to order my meal along with three other colleagues. The order was messed up as soon as the person taking the order realized she couldnt get me my milkshakes which meant she had over charged our credit card. She had no idea what to do about that and had to get the manager who then acted like it was my fault and refunded the cash for one milkshake. However there were two ordered and two charged so she had to then refund more cash - these milkshakes costs over three additional bucks over the normal price of the meal we ordered that included drinks - I know confusing. So after refunding the cash - I asked what I could get to drink and she said that would cost more - there was no drinks that would come with my meal???? So I just got a freaking glass of ice water!The place was not clean - the service was P@## Poor and I would NEVER return to this location. The food was not hot not packaged correctly and though they were not busy they certainly were flustered and unsure of themselves. There are other places to go - I encourage you to check them out and make this your last choice!
Dirty and super ghetto. Though you probably figured that out as you drove by.
Bar none.. Worst McDonalds. If you frequent this location you are assured to be greeted by a rude disinterested and barely literate individual who will deliver you an incomplete or incorrect order. I live in the area and have kept a tally on my visits....  visits in  year  of the orders were filled with out any problems. All of which were performed by the morning breakfast crew which is FANTASTIC. A couple of the morning people have been there a long time and you can tell that they actually care about their jobs and want to be there. I am sure it cant be easy to staff a McDs.. but this location is terrible. ?If only i didnt get my yearly cheese burger craving i would never go to this location again.
No drive through -
Food is always fresh however you always wait at least  minutes before you are served which is unacceptable for a fast food place. This place is good depending if you are looking for quality food or quick turn around time. ?Wish they had a drive through.
No soap in the bathroom bad.Worse no toilet paper in the bathroom.Spoiled salad.Milkshake machine is done.Broken ketchup dispenser.Returned to bathroom  min after telling manager still no toilet paper or soap. Expect the cooks to have poop fingers.They NEED to shut this Sh&t hole down.
Easily the worst McDonalds Ive seen in a long time. Decor from the s no drive-thru slow service and poorly organized so everyone stands in packs hoping their food will come out next. Head to the Burger King down the street...
This is the worst mcdonalds in the history of mcdonalds. ?I wish I could give zero stars. The employees are rude ?unprofessional and unkempt looking. Shake machine rarely works. Order is usually wrong. Food prep area looks dirty.
In an area as busy and affluent as Solon it was a shocking surprise to learn that it is home to one of the only Mickey Ds in existence without a drive-thru. In another not-so-shocking-twist it is also home to even more horrendous slow unfriendly fast food service that weve grown to love as East Siders.
I walked in as the only customer and ordered a happy meal for my daughter. There were four employees working and it took  minutes to get food. Waiting for fresh food is not the issue I have. The EXTREMELY POOR customer service and customer awareness is the major issue in this store along with the cleanliness of the dining area and bathrooms. One employee was texting at a table not on break when there were at least ten tables dirty. I actually wiped our table clean. The supervisor did nothing to direct the other employees to take charge of the mess or slow orders. A few more customers trickled in and also waited an excessive amount of time for food. There was a younger white male and a younger black male working when given the right guidance could probably be fantastic employees but under the direction they are receiving now they will never move forward within your company and are hopefully looking for other jobs because your establishment should be shut down. I manage a national full service restaurant and am appalled and shocked at the lack of service and overall filth of the location. Never again will I be returning.
Worst customer service at thus location..the cashier Vera not polite no smile no thank you no have a nice day..manager same thing
Let me ask youAre you in a hurry? ?On your Lunch break? just want a coffee? YELP ALERTDO NOT GO HERE.The service just gets worse and worse. ?I have no idea why I torture myself when I am in a hurry. ?The one in Macedonia is about  minutes away.If you visit this Northfield establishment you will probably be there at least a half hour. ?Even if you are the first one to get waited on.Usually do not post bad reviews but this Mcdonalds will not be open long with this kind of service. ?No sense of urgency I probably could have went to Applebees or Chilis and sat down and had a lunch faster than it took to get a burger and fries.Phew Now I feel better.
Higher prices than other area McDonalds. ?this McDonalds is so hard up they even make you ask for NAPKINS. ?Yes napkins.
I needed some food fast - and so opted for fast food!Ordered a Filet O Fish sandwich and a bottle of water.Sandwich was made to order - hot and delicious! The cheese was melted just right the tartar sauce was perfect and the bun was soft and fresh.Hit the spot!
Craving fries and a coke. Took me  minutes to get through the drive thru. There was only  people in front of me. I had to pull up and wait for my drink. Then they forgot about me. I had to go inside and ask for it. What the hell. Thats what I get for cheating on my diet.
Worst McDs in the entire state of Ohio. Never go here unless you want your order fucked up. Dont they have idiot proof ordering systems in there? I see them beeping and whirring away. Yet any time you come here you dont get the right food. I should know better. Check the bag. There you go McDonalds a new slogan for ya. CHECK THE BAG BITCH. Its my fault for coming here. Oy vey what a festering shithole of incompetence. I hope none of these people reproduce.
Worst mcdonalds store. All employees are not happy not enthusiastic to work. The cashier was not even smiling. They should should just call in sick if they are not happy to work.
I know this is mcdonalds but Ive been going to this one for  years and it is still by far the slowest service of any. ?Late at night I think they only have one girl doing everything taking the orders collecting the money cooking the food and handing it out the window. ?This is probably a management and staffing problem. ?I go next door to rallys and Im in and out in no time and they are very friendly at rallys. ?Its hit or miss at this mcdonalds.
Ita mcdonalds of course its good. I give it a  to let people know that their drive-thru is the slowest I have ever been through. ?time I go there. I hate it makes me so mad. They arent even an option anymore because they are so slow. Tbell and rallys are super fast and good enough. Pick up the speed!!
This is quite possibly the slowest McDonalds Ive ever been to. ?Theres two drive thru lanes but all this does it confuse the workers. ?Ive placed orders and by the time I reach the cashier shes forgotten it and I am often asked Which order was yours?. ?A few months ago I pulled in around am on a Sunday. ?I was the only car in the drive thru but no one would answer the speaker. ?Finally I drove around and went in to order. ?I saw all of the employees standing in the back laughing and joking no one was up at the counter. ?When the counter employee finally saw me she gave a huge sigh and acted like I was bothering her by being there.I have occasionally gone there around -am and am not surprised to be waiting up to ten minutes for food. ?No thats not an exaggeration I timed it at a few seconds over  minutes last trip with only two cars ahead of me. ?I know its a McDs and Im not expecting a five star dining experience but the wait times can get ridiculous.As far as the food goes I havent had an awful experiences. ?They usually get my order right and the food is what youd expect at a McDs youre just going to wait an awful long time for it.
Ok I dont go here that much & I was reading your review while waiting in the drive thru line. ?All I ordered was  chicken nuggets and  of every sauce. ?I knew it was impossible for them to mess this up. and it was only $. woo hoo!!I was told to wait a few minutes. ?They brought out the nuggets. ?Wasnt ?until I got home that I realized I got NO sauces!! ?- ?Ended up making my own honey mustard sauce.Anyway the place has free Wifi but no plugs to power laptops.
Got home quarter pounder without cheese HAD CHEESE.My picky kids dont help but this is no excuse.FAILED AGAIN FOR % screw up stats.
Just stopped to get my dad and kids some breakfast ordered some hotcakes...checked my bag or so I thought then asked for some syrup and they told me they were out...shouldnt you tell someone you are out of syrup before you sell them  orders of pancakes? Then I get to my dads and realize I only got  orders...after a long wait fail all the way around
A bit of history - this McDonalds is located on the first McDonalds I ever visited back in the s. ?Back then it was a special treat now not so much. ?The menu is basic but the service here could be better. ?Sometimes OK sometimes downright dreadful. ?They need some additional training.
This location is run by the worst management ever there is constant arguing in the grill area and even at the front counter.Massive customer complaintsorders are never received correctly or on time.If I could give this location a - i would
Consistently horrible service. Shake & cafe machines are seemingly always down. Drive thru is excruciatingly slow & the employees are exceptionally chatty - with each other as opposed to helping us customers. Im still perplexed as to why I have to ask for a receipt with my transaction. Shame on this location.
It was a hot sweltering day and as always this Macdonalds at  in the afternoon says the icecream ?machine is broke. EVERYTIME I want to take a chance and go there to get icecream or a shake the machine is down. ?Manager what is going on? ?This is not sometime but just about all the time. ?I have to go out to Macedonia ... this never happens out there.wonder why??
Wow... absolutely the worst most shameful McDonalds Ive ever been to. ?Ive had better customer service at McDonalds in airports Walmarts and in foreign countries where they didnt speak English no exaggeration!Drive-thru window # cashier didnt say a single word not a single greeting or smile. ?She opened window took payment handed back receipt then shut window. ? And no she wasnt busy - we were the only ones in the drive-thru. ?No one before us no one after.Drive-thru window # expediter mimicked the first - no hello no thank you nothing. ?Only thing she said was waiting on your nuggets. ?Thats it. ?But she had plenty to say with her coworkers one of whom I could tell was the shift supervisor who were standing around being absolutely unproductive.To add insult to injury they also got our order wrong wrong sauces - minor but still wrong especially with an order so small - only  entree! ?We ordered Chicken McNuggets and  sweet teas... pretty simple order!As a McDonalds alumnus myself I can rightfully say that this stores management should be ashamed of themselves and their franchise pulled until the store managers learn McDonalds standards for customer service.
A bit of history - this McDonalds is located on the first McDonalds I ever visited back in the s. ?Back then it was a special treat now not so much. ?The menu is basic but the service here could be better. ?Sometimes OK sometimes downright dreadful. ?They need some additional training.
This location is run by the worst management ever there is constant arguing in the grill area and even at the front counter.Massive customer complaintsorders are never received correctly or on time.If I could give this location a - i would
Consistently horrible service. Shake & cafe machines are seemingly always down. Drive thru is excruciatingly slow & the employees are exceptionally chatty - with each other as opposed to helping us customers. Im still perplexed as to why I have to ask for a receipt with my transaction. Shame on this location.
It was a hot sweltering day and as always this Macdonalds at  in the afternoon says the icecream ?machine is broke. EVERYTIME I want to take a chance and go there to get icecream or a shake the machine is down. ?Manager what is going on? ?This is not sometime but just about all the time. ?I have to go out to Macedonia ... this never happens out there.wonder why??
Wow... absolutely the worst most shameful McDonalds Ive ever been to. ?Ive had better customer service at McDonalds in airports Walmarts and in foreign countries where they didnt speak English no exaggeration!Drive-thru window # cashier didnt say a single word not a single greeting or smile. ?She opened window took payment handed back receipt then shut window. ? And no she wasnt busy - we were the only ones in the drive-thru. ?No one before us no one after.Drive-thru window # expediter mimicked the first - no hello no thank you nothing. ?Only thing she said was waiting on your nuggets. ?Thats it. ?But she had plenty to say with her coworkers one of whom I could tell was the shift supervisor who were standing around being absolutely unproductive.To add insult to injury they also got our order wrong wrong sauces - minor but still wrong especially with an order so small - only  entree! ?We ordered Chicken McNuggets and  sweet teas... pretty simple order!As a McDonalds alumnus myself I can rightfully say that this stores management should be ashamed of themselves and their franchise pulled until the store managers learn McDonalds standards for customer service.
I can hear my heart stopping every time i eat here.....
This is the worst McDonalds in the world. Ive eaten at a lot of McDonalds in a lot of locations this is absolutely the sorriest mistake McDonalds ever did by giving these people a franchise. McDonalds get smart and take back your franchise and give it to an American.
Worst McDonalds ever. Horrible service long waits rude employees. I give up on this location.
I drive up and down  and have eaten at every McD and this is the worst over all. ?Service is always slower than normal todays visit I was only customer and they couldnt get the order right. ? I love McD but not this one
This is the worst location ever! I refuse to go to this location. In all the years that I went I never had an order that was correct. ?The staff was rude and one time when I stopped one employee had her child there just running wild behind the counter
Joed again. ?Came in & saw they had power plugs so that I could enjoy my time here while I waited for me daughter to finish choir practice.Bot my lunch and took a seat. Joed...power plugs dont work...Not a one of them.I asked if a fuse blew or what. ?They said a electrician was coming in.Service was good and the food is McDonalds I just would have went somewhere else had I known they didnt have power.
Could have had a  course meal at a real restaurant in the time it took  cars to go through line. ?Also no mcflurrys or ice cream when we went.
This is a busy location on Carnegie near a neighborhood that is not the greatest. ?That being said the service is usually great going through the drive through. ?Wait times are usually appropriate to the length of the line. ?Food is well prepared and servers are friendly. ?Not a big fan of McDs but this is a good location.
I like McDonalds every once in awhile. There. I said it. Never come to this McDonalds if youre hungry in a good mood or expect to be met with kindness. Our order was simple but we had to repeat it multiple times in response to Whaaa? coming from the order box. Then when the voice from the box repeated our order it was wrong! Then when we went to the pay window they asked if our order was correct and it absolutely wasnt! Then when we went to the food window we asked for ketchup and were told it was in the bag. We dug in found no ketchup but a TON of salt packets. Luckily my boyfriend is a ketchup hoarder so we had a bunch of little packets on hand. Overall the debacle started off comically difficult and ended up disappointing and a bit enraging. Mostly I was mad because we were lied to! The ketchup was a lie!! Now I cant lie. Ill probably be back because my expectations for McDs arent too high and I like french fries.
THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE SHAMROCK SHAKE ONLYIts brighter green than I remember. An extremely unnatural shade of green that doesnt occur normally in nature. For as unnatural the color is the flavor is just as fake. I dont think there is any actual mint or dairy in these things. I think they are petroluem-based.Does it taste different than it used to? Definitely. A few years ago McDs did the unthinkable. They ditched their old shake recipes for a new fastercheapereasier shake system. Basically a neutral vanilla shake comes out and different flavored syrups are mixed in at the last minute. The result is a sub-par product. Syrupy and too sweet. Its not even mixed when it comes out. Its like those thousand-flavor ice cream joints that do the flavor syrups. YUKIs the Shamrock Shake disgusting? YESDo I kind of love it? YESThe shakes dont taste TOO horribly different. They are similar enough to the old recipe to still be OK in my book. Do I feel dirty for eating one? YESDo I now want to vomit? YESWould I recommend the Shamrock Shake to the casual observer? TOTALLY
This review screams First World Problems...but until Yelp opens up a site that allows us to review establishments in the Third World can one even still use that term without being offensive? I guess all of the things about which we gripe will be First World Problems wont they?Anyhow my wife was hungry one evening so we stopped here to grab a bite to eat through the drive-thru. We actually enjoy eating at McDonalds in general and think the food is good some people will probably find that statement more offensive than the above comments about terminology! so its not like this was a bad option. We actually used to stop at this one pretty often on our way home from church when we lived on the East Side and we generally received great service.Unfortunately tonight was a night on which we received awful service.When we pulled up to the drive-through the McDonalds employee let loose with this rapid-fire barrage that was presumably supposed to tell us what food wasnt available. Im a teacher and Im used to deciphering...but this was incomprehensible. Of course when we mistakingly ordered something that was deemed off-limits we were made to feel like buffoons.After we finally managed to figured out what was available we ordered and pulled up to the window. You dont need a crystal ball to figure out what happened next--thats right they got the order partially wrong. One of my wifes Chicken McNuggets even wound up outside of the container. Perhaps it was in a hurry to escape an environment completely void of any sort of concern for the customer or perhaps they couldnt be bothered to take an extra second to close the container fully. Ill let you be the judge on that one. They also gave her the wrong sauce. I had no idea that Sweet and Sour actually means Barbeque.Why we stopped at this McDonalds instead of driving to the McDonalds on Clark--which consistently provides amazing customer service that surely makes Ray Kroc smile in his grave--is beyond me. Live and learn.
They open at am so I was the first in line today. I gave my order loud and clear the cashier responded but the speaker was so quiet I could not understand. I went to the st window which had a sign saying hearing impaired could get assistance at that window but no one was present. A few employees walked by barely looking at me. Finally one waved for me to go to the nd window notice there was no sign on the st window?. When I got to the nd window the woman who took my order said she hadnt gotten it. At that point I was ready to leave but I repeated it and waited several more minutes to get my order. At am I had my  bacon egg and cheese muffins with a hash brown. I gave them the  stars because the bagged the order correctly.
When I think of McDonalds I generally think of a pretty tightly ran ship and expediency.Something is horribly wrong with this Mcdonalds. ?Severely long wait times at the drive thru. ?A couple weeks ago they werent even taking orders via the intercom. ?You literally had to wait your turn to get to the nd window before placing your order then they had you wait right there at the window until they fulfilled the order. ?Do you know what this does to business?! ?Cars were driving off without completing their orders.I just now attempted to go through just for a coffee. ?Few cars in line but again...loooonnnng wait time. ?I finally got to the intercom and before I could even place my coffee order the woman blurts out that they dont currently have any fries.Seriously?! ?This is flippin McDonalds?I placed my coffee order then started the long wait. ?After a few minutes and no movement of the cars ahead I pulled on out of there and went across the street to the whopper king. ?I do believe from what I have seen going on there over the past couple of months ?that unless there is a corporate intervention...and soon...this place is a sinking ship with no life boats.
Location is in a improving neighborhood near the Cleveland Clinic. ?It is open  hrs. ?Service is generally good and friendly. ?Fare is basic McDs. ?Good choice if you need a fast food fix in the neighborhood.
Busy location can be difficult to get in and out. ?Service is friendly but slow. ?Food is your basic McDs fast food. ?Would go elsewhere if you are in the area.
The expectations arent high for food. And they stayed there besides the fries. The standard quarter pounder meal was every bit standard fair. ? The dollar menu tastes about the same here. The service is very quick. That is from lots of workers and food waiting for you to get here. ? They work their food forecasts really well but Id wait a couple minutes for hour food. But hey att last they can make really good sweet tea here! ? There is a lot of better places surrounding this place.
The service time is as poor as the McDonalds at Euclid beach. The remodel is impressive. Work on service times
We go here sometimes at lunch or right after work for a snack since we work nearby but in general its pretty dirty. ?Food tastes consistent with McDonalds quality and the employees are very nice. ?Just needs to be on McDonalds list of remodels.
This is a very slow and disorganized restaurant. The wait times are often long and I regularly have to pull over because they dont have food ready. Be sure to carefully go through your order once you receive it Ive received wrong or incomplete orders many times. We also noticed very salty hamburger patties a couple times.Unless youre desperate for some McDonalds go elsewhere. On the other hand if youre trying to kick your Micky Dees habit the experience youll routinely receive at this restaurant may help you do it.The only reason Im not giving them a one star review is because I know I will probably eat there again - its the only McDonalds option near my home.
First off I will probably eat here again. This is the closest McDonalds and my girls love to eat here. First off in Driver-thru CHECK YOUR STUFF! The last  times here they have gotten it wrong. Including forgetting to put the sausage on my sausage McGriddles! Second I love the double drive-thru it allows new and interesting ways to screw up your order!If you can go elsewhere.
Taking the fast out of fast food...THE UP-SIDE ?Once in a while we all eat at McDonalds. ?This one happens to be very clean and nearly nice on the inside. ?However...THE DOWN-SIDE ?Ive gone to this location several times over the past two years. ?Each time I went through the drive-through and had to endure a wait of over  minutes. ?I literally waited  minutes in line on two different ocassions. ?So just today when I visited I thought Hmm. ?Ill be smart this time. ?Ill go inside to beat the line drive-through line wrapping around the building. ?Well I should have known better. ?Inside the line snaked to the door just two feet from where I entered the restaurant. ?They had one woman on the register and she was moving at a snails pace.I waited for a full  minutes - yes Im an idiot - and still hadnt even gotten to place my order. ?In fact there were still five people in front of me! ?Frustrated and hating myself for giving this place yet another shot I left without food and vowed NEVER TO RETURN.THE SUM-IT-UP I really dont like McDonalds that much but I do think that they seem pretty well-run overall. ?However this particular location is an anomoly. ?Its just downright horrid in its customer service and nobody - I mean nobody - should ever stop here for fast food. ?This place is terrible.
Not as good as other locations. ?Prices are higher just because it is in the mall. ?They also do not have a value menu. ?The food is the same. ?The staff are not as friendly.
Much rather go to the one in North Ridgeville because of . the location and . the hours.North Olmsted McDs is closes at like PM and North Ridgeville never closes so that means when Im craving a double cheeseburger at AM I can drive my little neon to go get one.
The slowest location on planet earth. Never correct as well. I will never go there again.
On the few occasions weve visited this location and ordered milkshakes the machine was out of order. At least this location has one thing over the Solon location A friggin DRIVE-THRU!!
Manger is extremely rude ?for a restaurant that prides itself for customer. ?It lacks a lot of it
They recently gave this location a renovation and updated it. It looks really nice and now has an indoor play area for the kiddos. Its super clean inside at least when I went though we actually had to ask someone where the trashcan was since it was hidden around a corner. Ketchup dispenser was broken and they gave me sweet and sour sauce instead of sweet chili like I asked. Now I usually dont review fast food since its pretty much the same no matter where you go but this is the location closest to my house and I can honestly say I rarely ever go because of one thing...they are SLOOWWWWWW! In the drive through expect to wait around + minutes. I even had two people behind me decide to leave after they had ordered and I wasnt the one holding up the line! I ordered a Spicy McChicken and nuggets. I even considered if going inside would have been faster. Bottom line this isnt the place to go if you want fast.
The drive thru was very slow and the staff was rude. Seriously who has to wait for almost  minutes in the drive thru for two meals? Even as the attendant opened the window to tell us to pull forward she was yelling at her coworkers. Not impressed.
This review is based on the poor service I received in the drive thru last night. I have nothing to say about the food because its McDonalds... I had a horrible headache and a long drive back from The Woodlands so I just decided to swing through the drive thru to grab some food hoping it would help my headache. There were two cars in front of me when I pulled into the line. One car was at the pick up window the other was at the intercom to order. It didnt take long for the car in front of me to order. When it was my turn I literally sat there for  minutes without anyone acknowledging me. Usually if the employees are slow they will at least say hello and then ask for a moment to help other customers. I was about to yell into the intercom to make sure they were in fact open. People were pulling up behind me and I was losing my patience. Finally some lady came on the intercom and said What can I get you? As if they were the ones waiting on me to decide. I could hear a lot of noise in the background sounded chaotic. I asked for a grilled chicken wrap. She responded with We dont have grilled meat wait yeah ok grilled what else? Then I asked for Sprite. Were out of Sprite. Ok please give me unsweet ice tea. OK Sweet tea. At that point my headache was so bad I didnt even try to ask for the frickin unsweet tea. Then she told me to drive forward without telling me a total. As Im waiting to pay and get my food I see at least two cars leave the drive thru line because theyre fed up with the poor service. When I got to the window the lady even made a comment about it Ooooh look at all those cars leaving. Im sorry but if you are aware that you are losing customers maybe you should step it up a little bit and get your shit together so you dont lose customers. She couldnt have cared less. It was pathetic.Luckily I dont live in that area so Im hoping to never have to experience such slow horrible service in a drive thru. This was by far one of the worst experiences Ive ever had.
Will not return to this establishment.
Sooo I was in a rush and stopped here before work. I ordered a sausage mcgriddle with egg whites and ended up with a nasty dry sausage biscuit with cheese. It was in a huge crumpled bag so the thought crossed my mind that it was returned by somebody...maybe? The parking lot is impossible to get through with people driving the wrong way so I didnt bother driving back. Anyway super annoying when youre on a schedule. Good thing I left some bananas on my desk because I cant eat this.Oh and the other two times I stopped in for coffee the machine was broken. They charge almost as much as Starbucks for a latte that tastes like it was made from a powdered mix and the machine is always down....seriously.
Service here is way below average even for a McDonalds the bar set is not high to begin with. Enough said.
This location is about average as far as McDonalds goes. ?Their playground tends to be closed often due to broken equipment or most recently broken doors leading to the playground so if youre planning on taking a group of young children you might want to check ahead of time to make sure the playground is available. ?I do like the fact that its one of the few in the area that still have an outdoor playground but the lack of cover for outdoor tables makes eating outdoors rather unpleasant. ?All in all its okay and the convenient location in the neighborhood makes it a regular stop. ?Unfortunately some of the employees are more interested in chatting with one another than serving customers and if you have a group of people paying separately but eating together there is an annoying tendency to refuse to take your orders at the same time - meaning the first persons food is cold by ?the time the last person is served.Edit ?I ate at Spicy McChicken Sandwich from the Value Menu around pm on  and within hours was doubled over with food poisoning. ?I cant say that it came from the sandwich or course but I can provide this information and let others draw their own logical conclusions.
I normally try to hit up this location when Im at the Sams gas station across the parking. ?Unfortunately I normally stop for gas in the morning and this location is a nightmare at that hour. ?The drive-thru line is wrapped around the building and the line in the lobby is packed. ?Im sure how you address these issues without completely remodeling the restaurant to re-orient the driveway and open up a double-driveway.I was here the other day for a Redbox movie and got a drink---the staff is normally pretty courteous but that drive-thru issue really brings down their rating in my mind.
horrible servicecold foodemployees are so ghetto!talk about personal business at the registerre train these peopleGHETTO ASS MONKEYS
Stopped here one day because I had witnessed about five men standing at a four-way-stop asking for food and this was the fastest and closest establishment to me.I should have gone somewhere else. PRO--- Two stars for the sweet high schooler who took my order. He was very patient with me deciding on what all I needed to get and very kind.CON--- Its June in Texas and you know what that means... HEAT! Oh who am I kidding its always hot but on June th it was a little bit hotter! After waiting close to  minutes in the drive-thru line I decided to get the homeless men some sundaes but to my surprise as soon as I ordered them the high schooler tells me they are out of ice cream. Out of ice cream?! What! Long story short I ended up getting them an array of burgers Mickey Ds golden crispy fries and some drinks! I really wanted to buy them ice cream. Get it together McDonalds - it wasnt even technically summer yet and you were out of ice cream before noon. Pssh!
Not very clean.. Employees had personal cell phones on the counter. ? I ordered hot cakes and they said it would be  min wait. Worst Mc Donalds ever.
I dont frequent McDonalds a lot but have been hearing the commercial for the new Jalapeno cheddar Mcchicken sandwich. So I stopped at the McDonalds in front of Sams Club off of  and Fannin. Big mistake! It is one of the dirtiest filthiest restaurants I have ever been in. ?Trash all over the floor tables were filthy. Very slow employees. Took forever to get my sandwich and they werent busy. Not friendly and down right rude. The manager had a serious attitude problem. ?I will never go back to this location.
I think its crazy to write a review for a fast food chain like mcds here but OMG! This is the WORST micky Ds I have ever been to! Corporate should totally come down and reevaluate this place. I have lived in this area for + yrs and I have boycott this mcd! I have NEVER gotten an order right here nor even decent quality of servicefood. Granted it is in a good location near the reliant and all...but omg food is gross drinks are gross coffee is watered down flat soda not very sweet sweet tea and horrible service both inside and drive thru. I really suggest and recommend u to STAY AWAY from this place. If u do prepare for everything to go wrong. Check your items before driving off. Including into ur burger bc the burger may be missing the meat!!There is a mcd off of buffalo speedway attached to a gas station that it decent. The best one in the area is further in rd ward at Old Spanish Trail and Scott. They provide excellent service they are fast and precise!Stay away from this unless you want a headache with your meal.
All the reviews for this location are poor but Ive been to this Mickey Ds a few times and never had any major issues. Its pretty standard. I always go through the drive through which always seems to have a line but nothing terribly out of the ordinary. Average--exactly what I expect from a McDonalds.
Wont come here anymore. I became a regular here getting my caramel mochas in the morning to wake me up. The sugar caffeine combination in those things have me bouncing off the walls which is exactly what i need. Anyways the last two times Ive been there theyve been out of my coffee at am! How frustrating is that to go stop there and get out of my car and waste - minutes on my way to work for them not to have it. Never again.
Nasty....Will never go again
% worst McDonalds on the planet. We have given them chance after chance and I just cant do it anymore. Our order is NEVER right you better check your order including inside your burger before you even walk away from the counter or leave the drive thru. During one visit they messed up my husbands burger THREE times within  minutes. I dont understand how hard it is to slap a piece of fake meat onto a bun and throw the correct condiments on...unless you cant read the ticket which honestly wouldnt be surprising. There is one employee who EVERY time we go just happens to take a break sit in a chair near to us and scream yell bitch and cuss to her hearts content on her cell phone. I dont care if your on a break you still represent your workplace because you are still wearing the uniform and sitting in the lobby. After the fourth time in a row of seeing this we decided we would never return. There are a few other locations nearby i suggest you choose them instead.
Horrible service. Our cashier was no where near friendly. The only reason I gave this McDonalds  stars was because the supervisormanager stepped in to be nice. Other than that I would have given it  a star.
Horrible! Saw weed in the bathroom stall... Makes sense as the employees always get my order wrong so theyre probably ?blitzed. Lol funny but trueThey charged me for a salad when I ordered a burger and then took  minutes to realize they could just give me cash back because they couldnt refund a card... Y.. IdkBe prepared to wait forever check your order before u leave the only reason they get  star is the morning staff... Theyre decent
AWFUL ?service. Ordered my meal in the drive thru paid for it get to the pickup window to be told they were out of chicken? Okay. Rude employees that gave me attitude when I just said I wanted my money back. Then a customers order who ordered ahead of me came back to the window because his order was wrong and the manager basically insulted one of his employees who was taking orders. Rude. Pathetic excuse for a McDonalds. If I could give zero starts I would.
This McDonalds is a mess. They had nothing to drink except tea and took me  minutes to get a breakfast sandwich. I could lay an egg faster than it takes them to cook one.
Drive thru is terrible. Waited over  minutes before getting my food. Perfect example of what lack of training will do to a business. Will never stop at this location again.
The coffee here gives me the worst runs ever. Its like they put laxative in it or something. I do like the french fries as if you are ever stopped up they help you return to regular pretty quick. I am not please with the happy meal selection. My son wanted a car and instead he got a penguin.The restroom needs some attention.
I normally dont take the time come out and review a fast-food place cause most of the time they suck.. I mean lets face the facts.. theyre garbage food to fill our need for crap run by idiots and adolescents who dont give a crap. Back in the day i wouldnt care but Im a dad now.. and as we all know time is key with kids this place is ridiculous. I seriously need to record every time I go here at the drive through and watch the epic fail on their end when I order clearly voice Jalape??o Burger and they come back with Ok.. Fish-Filet and a chocolate shake? Uh.......Anyways the reason I give this place run by incompetent neurons is because I was excited that our area Bridgelands Cyrpess Lakes had a easy spot for morning coffee breakfast... but to be so inefficient and consistently missing crap its just ridiculous.I mean without fail EVERY single time I go there Im seriously not exaggerating and we go maybe once or twice a month so not very often.. But EVERY single time things are missing. And not just sauce packet i mean seriously goofy obvious things. My kids seem to always miss a juice box in their happy meal and go-gurt and when I say always i mean literally ALWAYS. Ive had drinks missing the dude at the drive through looking at me with dead-eyes and Im looking back.. like dude I have a mocha frappe thats kind of obvious wouldnt it be?Anyways I digress... all in all this place sucks but you cant expect much when its run by a bunch of goofball kids that dont care and a staff that are either foreign immigrants or self-entitled know it alls. But ya from now Ill make the extra trip to Whataburger.. they never let me down hah!
I have not had the same bad luck as other Yelpers here. ?The drive thru is quick and the people kids working the windows always specifically say We appreciate your business. Doesnt feel as smug as a Chikfila worker when they say it.They offer two order lines in the drive thru and additional waiting areas for people with large orders. Keeps the traffic moving.Pretty easy to get in and out and an efficient drive thru is about all you can ask from a McDonalds.
Check your order before you drive off. Always missing something or messed up order. French fries are always Luke warm and old. One of the only location that serves you old fries when you specifically ask for FRESH fries. Shame on them.
After reading the other reviews I realized my case was not isolated. ?Burgers and fries were only warm. ?Would have taken them back was too hungry. Tables and floors were dirty. ?Usually you can always count on McDonalds for a clean restaurant and consistent quality food. ?This one needs a reorganization from the top down.
I dont like this place at all It is always dirty. Check your order before you drive away from the drive through...they are wrong more often than not. ?They are also slow. This is a textbook restaurant failure from the top down.
I love McDonaldsI had  ice cream cones once. No regrets
Ive never seen any reason to add a review to a McDonalds who checks a review on fast food prior to walking in the door? However this McDonalds has consistently under-delivered and Im honestly beyond frustrated at this point.I moved to an apartment complex near this location and started out visiting a few times a week out of convenience. After my first  or  visits I started to realize that it would be much more likely that Id win the McDonalds Monopoly game than receive the basic accommodations offered by most McDs. Ive watched a manager get into a verbal altercation with customers admittedly an unruly customer sweet tea has been made available less than in  visits tables are rarely cleaned during peak hours the ice machine tends to run more like a water fountain and most importantly - THE GUEST SERVICE IS TERRIBLE! Im largely content with McDonalds at large but this is not like any McDonalds experience youll ever see elsewhere. The receipts dont come with a Tell us how were doing number so I made my concerns available to corporate after having to research the number on my own. After my call to corporate the local management team reached out to me. They offered a free meal card for my next visit but never actually delivered it surprise!. I can only hope that this isnt the future of the company. DO NOT ENTER THESE DOORS.
Because of its proximity to the Med Center the freeway and the citys many constructions sites this location can be a bit hairy in the morning to navigate. ?Although this is McDonalds is not unique in its offerings it seems to always be super busy and a little disorganized.
The McRib is BACK!!! Damn you McRib. ?The ads work. ?I just couldnt resist. ?An extra McRib is only $ if you get a McRib combo meal first.This location is very convenient get your Chevron gas and your food at the same time. ?Very slow but you get what you get when you get McDs.
Unsanitary place! I walked in because I was filling up for gas instead of taking the drive thru. There are flies EVERYWHERE. Literally everywhere. I didnt stay long enough to order my food. Staff was standing around doing nothing - totally unprofessional.
one of the most horrible mikey ds ive ever visited. connected to the chevron. ?they are always out of something. ?fries are never hot. ?management is not friendly. ?redbox outside has scracted dvds. ?USELESS! ?nuff said.
Not the classiest joint in town but it delivers what you expect. ?Its one of those McDs connected to a Chevron gas station at a busy intersection with the  south loop. ?While you can depend on them for a great dollar menu and some cheap gas with Techron this place has its share of panhandlers that will walk up to you. ?As Jean Claude Van Damme said in Lionheart... Lyon Sometimes life is... is... ugly. And stupid. And mean. You could say that about life around this McDs intersection... and maybe the fast food you just bought for less than five bucks as a guilty pleasure in the drive thru lane on your way home from work while filling up your tank with unleaded plus.
A review of their am to am service. There is an % chance the service is super slow. There is a % chance they will mess up your order. If there is more than one car in line between the hours listed drive away and go somewhere else.
Definitely not fast in the morning.. So if youre in a rush dont stop here. The food is consistent like any other McDonalds and theyve ran out of my hot Carmel Mocha only once so a partial kudos to them for that. But ehh... I think I need a new wake me up drink at a new restaurant because Micky Mac just doesnt seem to have my back! And not to mention the one time I came here and ordered nuggets with CHIPOTLE BBQ SAUCE and the girl said they had the sauce and I go to the window and all they had was regular BBQ. So disappointing... I wouldve ordered something different if they didnt have my sauce... Ughhh thats so annoying.
Just went through the drive thru. Unlike prior reviews there were no problems at all. We ordered a couple of McDoubles and a medium drink. Nothing special. No added pieces or sauces. No special order. The cashier and order delivery people were reasonable friendly and quick. Its an average place.
If you ask for sauce theyll double charge you and then theyll forget to give it to you. If you remind them they bitch about it audibly window still open then give you a quarter size amount of Big Mac sauce in a paper napkin. That was really helpful drive thru staff.
This McDonalds has the lowest hiring standards in all of Houston. I went to the drive thru with my fiancee and she only ordered a large drink - half Sprite half HiC orange and the drive thru guy said they couldnt do it because of the way the soda dispenser is. ARE YOU GUYS THAT STUPID? COULD NO ONE WALK THEIR LAZY ASSES TO USE THE DISPENSER OUT IN THE LOBBY? OR DISPENSE SMALL SPRITE AND THEN SMALL HI-C ORANGE?????!!!!!!!! A FIVE YEAR OLD COULD FIGURE IT OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I must admit that me and this Mc Donalds did not have a great history for quite some time now. I have recently gave this Mc Donalds another chance and I must say that they have improved there service. Me and my wife order breakfast here three times a week before work. I have witnessed more friendly faces quick turnaround and pure quality service. I can honestly say that I enjoy my Mc Donalds experience here now and I would not choose any other at this point of my life.
I HATE YOU RICHMOND MICKEY Ds!!!Its no secret Im a fan of the grilled chipotle chicken snack wraps. ?When Im feeling a light lunch I grab one of these bad boys and a small order of fries. ?Okay so my idea of a light lunch probably still isnt health food. ?Its pretty goddamn hard to mess this combination up. ?This location gives it their all in bringing you the absolute crappiest food available. ?Not once but twice have I gone through the drive through and had to ask for ketchup because there was none in my bag. ?I literally had to knock on the drive through window when it was slammed shut in my face to be begrudgingly granted a measly two packets of ketchup. ?I really didnt need the blessed condiment after all because the french fries had spent a little too much quality time in the fryer and most of it went in the trash.Yelp needs a new option on their business survey Good for check box NOTHING.
If you want the taste of your typical McDonalds this location will not fail you. Im giving it  stars because the food isnt amazing but it is consistent. The place is a bit dirty but the service is good. The cashiers were nice and smiley. They also gave me a big cup of water for free. They also gave me my food in less than  minutes. It really is fast food. And its cheap. And its inside a  hour Walmart so you can buy stuff too.
Was denied service because the store manger did not like how I ordered my food.One side salad and one chicken patty.
They are pretty fast here and I love the dollar menu especially the large ice tea for a dollar. ?I would definitely return to this McDonalds. ?Quick and easy drive thru.
Terrible customer service and even worse food. Cold fries and people with attitudes. Never again. I will be calling for my money back tomorrow.
Ive been here a few times but today really topped the cake. It was insisted that I write a review about the bad customer service today. First Im waiting outside to order my food and no one takes my order. Maybe the speaker malfunction or something seeing that they recently installed them. Second after unsuccessfully placing my order I drive to the window and was completely ignored by the cashier. To avoid conflict I just drove off and went to Chik fil a. People should know that customer service can either make or break a business. Unfortunately they wont get any business from me anymore.
The only reason I go to McDonalds is to get an Iced Tea. I bring exact change in order to get in and out. Today I went inside at  oclock when they werent even busy and waited well over  minutes. There was only one person in line in front of me. This is not the first time that this has happened to me. The workers there are poorly groomed and lack customer service skills. Not planning on going back anytime soon.
Ive been here several times only sporadically because every time it is a nightmare and then I decide to give them another try. ?NEVER Again ?Service is terrible anytime day or night especially the drive thru -  car or  it is the slowest thing I have ever experienced. ?They cant seem to count the change or arent able to keep up with which order they are on and it always ends the same with cold food or the order is wrong. ?After a terrible experience one night recently at  at night with  pp ahead of me I waited more than minutes!!! Got up to the window and they had to ask for my receipt to know what my order was and it was colder than cold when I left. ?I thought I was done then but on my way to work was in a hurry and drove thru for a simple sausage and muffin - nothing else - they confirmed my order once again waited far too long esp. in the am. Got to the pay window took my money and then closed the window on me waited for her to open it again so I could ask for a receipt. ?When I asked she said very rudely - In a minute - then continued talking to another employee. ?Finally got my order and it was wrong. ?Seriously if you cant handle that simple of an order you should just close!!!!!!
Nice and clean . Great indoor play area for kids.
I went here on a Friday night about pm originally just to use their Redbox machine but hey Im a sucker for burgers and fries! There was one other person in the store waiting for their order ~ cars in the drive through  or  staff behind the counter and somehow I still waited - minutes at the register and not one person took my order. They seemed to be new staff or something because it was a hot mess back there apparently order mishaps and things over fried something.Anyways I eventually just got in my car to use the drive thru as they clearly had no interest in serving me in-person. Oddly enough there were no other cars in line when I pulled in so I have NO idea what the hold up could have been about. Once I pulled up to the order area they promptly took my order took my money and gave me my food. Im giving them two stars because they worked well in the drive thru but come on seriously if they cant handle a handful of guests during non-peak hours...
Friendly staff but can anyone explain why the food is so much more expensive here than at any normal McDonalds? ? Seriously is there like a % airport tax on food or what?
I normally dont write reviews on fast food joints in Houston unless they are extraordinary good and worth mentioning. In recent months I experienced some major improvements in the customer service the order accuracy and staff expressed their willingness to help.Ive seen it built from the ground up. Last June the drive-thru window opened after hour which made it a -hour restaurant. That was a relief for me to have more choices for midnight snacks. This McDonalds is conveniently located near Southwest Freeway a.k.a. I- and US- Beechnut St and Beltway . Getting in and out of Beechnut St was a pain in the neck. But thanks to the City of Houston the left turn lanes on Gessner are coming soon.
Why has mc Donalds gotten so slow... I hate coming here anyway. And the service does not make it any better.
Worst McDonalds ever. Cashier left the drive thru stand to converse with her coworkers and with cars behind me I had to pull forward. Dude had the nerve to ask me to get out of the car so I could pay. Had to wait ridiculously long for large fries. Place is a mess.
My son wanted some chicken nuggets so we stopped by this McDonalds at  PM last nigh Friday. The drive-thru line had about six or seven cars so I decided to go in and order to save some time. Guess what there were still customers inside and the doors were locked. After knocking on the doors a man from inside told me that the dinning room is closed and ask me to use the drive-thru window. Are you kidding me? Dinning room closed at  PM? Needless to say we left without even ordering.
I usually eat breakfast here when im flying out. Even though its fast food. Breakfast comes out hot and fast polite staff and everytime i come i see lil wayne he works there.
Whenever I travel alone I tend to focus on trying places Id never see at home. ?But whenever I travel with others which is often there is almost always someone who cant stomach the idea of eating something that isnt familiar to them so hence I find myself at Mickey Ds. ?This one out of Terminal B is especially atrocious even for the mediocre benchmarks of McDonalds nationwide. ?I eventually fled to the adjacent Panchito yelp.combizpanchitos-m??_ which was equally terrible.The service at McDonalds is never particularly outstanding but when it is its especially worth noting I just wish this place had it. ?The woman at the register was painfully slow which on airport time can be excruciating. ?After paying the demons of airport overpricing we continued to wait and wait ... to the point where I had to ask if our food was ever coming out.Oh. ?The fryers broken? ?Thanks for telling me that awhile ago when I ordered the stuff in the first place. ?Wait there are some nuggets  fries that are already made? ?That doesnt sound particularly appetizing either. ?But who am I to complain? ?This is fast food after all.In the interest of saving time we grab the sack of soggy french fries and crazy hard nuggets while I sip on a deflated coke. ?How does one screw up a soft drink? ?It still managed to happen here. ?And though Im not one to shy away from complaining it was already too late. ?All of these discoveries were made while in our plane. ?Curses.
I travel quite a bit for the job and I hate to admit it but I eat at McDonalds pretty frequently. ?The healthy selections are actually pretty tasty and I love quarter pounders just hold the cheese.McDonalds are generally consistent. ?I find most of them are clean and professionally run. ? This one is an exception. ?I stopped here for a McMuffin and coffee before my flight. ?I had a  AM flight well past the morning rush. ?The cooking areas of the restaurant were still dirty and the service was terrible. ?They had a radio blaring some type of music and personal bags were hanging near the food prep areas. ?The four people working were having trouble handling the two people in line. ?An employee in uniform off-duty I guess actually cut IN FRONT of me when I was in line to get her meal. ? I complained but it was the manager who handed her the meal. ?Unreal. ?I sent a very long email to McDonalds. ?You naturally set the bar lower for fast food restaurants but this McDonalds managed to limbo under with plenty of room to spare.  star because the McMuffin was OK.
I chose to eat here because frankly the choices were limited. ?I was neither greeted quickly or served quickly. ?My chicken biscuit came in tact but was luke warm at best. ?Ultimately it tasted like cardboard I could not finish it even though I was hungry.
There are good and bad fast food restaurants around but this is a good one. I come in here a lot and the service is always good. Also the store stays clean.
Can you please retrain everyone in your store on how to make a proper oatmeal? ?Yours is the only location where it is a watery mess EVERY TIME. ?Service in the drive thru is usually okay and polite so I threw in an extra star.
Now that the renovations are almost totally complete this place is really snazzy. You have to admit that the former was starting to become an eyesore for Montrose. However the new place looks fantastic and very inviting. There is just about always a line of cars here in the morning. I love the fact that they now use egg whites on some items which lowers the calories. The staff is still -- well at $hour you get what you get. Dont expect service you might at Marks because it is is McDonalds. However they do what they can to help get you through the line.I wished that they were open earlier on the weekends but will say that they have some of the best fountain Diet Coke in the area.
How the hell do you screw up three orders of the same thing that consist of ONE item?? ?My two friends and I all ordered large hazelnut iced coffees. ?So why did we all get three regular hot coffees?The lady was rude and said that is what we asked for. ?This is the second time Ive come here and its not even worth getting a cup of coffee to put up with that kid of hassle. ?Thank goodness there is a Dunkin Donuts that opened up to get real coffee at a good price. ?Oh and they are nice as hell there!
Slowest fast food ever!!!! I waited too long just to order my food and then waited even longer just to pay. Then waited even more just to get my food. It took over  minutes and only  cats were Im front of me.
I typically dont review chains but I feel the need to say the service was amazing but the food and coffee was subpar even for McDonalds. The coffee they served me had bits of coffee grounds in it. They were nice enough to change it for me but they had to toss the whole pot because grounds were in the pot. The hash browns were dripping in grease again...unusual even for McDonalds. This particular location has a ton of homeless people too so you really need to eat and leave quickly or else prepare to get bothered.
 McDonalds modern update. ?No play place so dining room is small. ?On bus route so customers cover all facets of America from police to street people. ?Some staff great others object to a  cent tea refill. ?And thats why Im not a regular anymore.
Everyone has stopped here at one time or another either to cure a hangover in the morning or to sober up after the bars.Service is one shade above grumpysaurus. But they spit out warm food and it is reliably unhealthy will make you hate yourself and you will need to buy the next size up in pants.But who has time to cook breakfast andor sober up food for themselves? Let McDs do it for you cheaply and reasonably quickly - with the exception of obvious long lines that would take a long time to work through things move quick enough for fast food.
Why are the store hours on the door? Why are they not on this page? It is a  rating from me because they are closed and there are NO ?hours posted. Starving craving a bacon egg cheese biscuit and no idea what time am? am? tired and hungry after a long night of work ... CLOSED... on this sight everything else about the place BUT the hours!I will NEVER go there!
I like mocha frappes and usually when I get them at the drive through they are messy and dripping over the side of the cup. At this location I got a clean cup so they are getting a positive review.
Hit or miss. Usually good food but sometimes they have a long wait and give you your order wrong
Normally Id never bother to review a McDonalds because one in Buffalo is the same as one in Boise so it has to be something pretty remarkable to get me to comment about a chain burger joint.This isnt going to be about the food. McDonalds food is well lets be charitable and say not good and leave it there. This is about the restaurant itself. If you go to this one take a weapon. This is derelict central for every crackheaded wacko in Montrose and thats a lot of wackos. Sleeping drunks people loudly arguing with someone only they can see the staring off into space and drooling types the homeless folks having a full-on bath in the restroom sink and a multitude of those who have a VERY broad interpretation of personal hygiene. ?Eating anything from McDonalds is challenging enough in a vacuum. With the regulars here its more than I can contemplate. If you absolutely MUST use this location for the love of God use the drive thru.
I have been coming by here every week for about three months now when...about one to three times thorugh the drive thru. Mostly lunch for a snack and rarely breakfast. Here the service is really friendly and good only once did I have a problem and that problem frustrated me when there was a woman who couldnt understand what I was ordering but that was only once and I dont think I ever recalled seeing her before or afterwards. Well besides that they usually have some kind of meal deals or they recently had for a couple of months free Frappe Fridays...you tend to see the same faces food is always as ordered lines are long could be too long but actually the drive thru moves by pretty quickly. like a minute a car and I dont think thats bad at all compared to other places.
Very horrible Micky Ds! Very dirty and just a horrible place to take the kids too!
This is my favorite McDonalds store  in Houston. ?The employees are always friendly and seem to enjoy working together. ?Today when I stopped in the restaurant was tastefully decorated for Valentines Day. ?The guy next to me ordered and was given his meal for free if he high fived another patron. ?The employees really enjoyed his reaction and doing something nice for someone. ?When I paid using my AmEx I was told that I earn points every time I use that card at McDonalds and I had enough points to pay for my meal. ?I know these may ?seem like small things but but they put a smile on a lot of peoples faces. ?My day was happier for having been treated so nicely and I intend to pay it forward. ?For all of the negative commenters ?Be nice. ?The employees are working very hard and should be treated well. ?Try looking at them and saying hello before you just bark your order. ?Also this McDonalds is always clean and tidy!
This place is terrible! ?I should have gone next door to Boston Market. ?But my daughter could not wait to eat the good home cooked meal I had at home after church. ? The drive thru moved so freaking slow.  You could barely hear the individual through the speaker. ?When I informed the cashier they looked at me like I was crazy.  I ordered a kids meal nuggets & a snack wrap. ?There was something fishy about the apples. ?My daughter was disgusted with the way they looked. ?I have no clue how they missed that & had the audacity to place them in a customers bag. They were in a rush to move us along & I had to ask twice for the rest of my order. And has to remind them of what I ordered. ? they asked me if I wanted a Barbie toy but received something completely different. I would have so preferred Chick-Fil-A but they are closed on Sundays & I do understand that. ?You got to get your praise on because my daughter & I sure do on Sundays. Note to management ?GET IT TOGETHER!! And after I leave DSW Im returning those tacky apples.
Unless you speak Spanish dont bother trying to order. Its really quite annoying especially when they try to up sell you and you already dont have a clue what they are saying !!
If what you do is burgers and burgers require fresh bread the LEAST you could do is have THAT. Bread=stale.
It was raining when I went to this McDonalds drive thru. A noteworthy point do not go thru the drive thru in rainy weather. It is not covered at the order speaker and there is inadequate coverage at the order windows as well. I ordered a ten piece nugget combo large with fries. The nuggets had gristle in them and several seemed undercooked. The large Dr. Pepper was tasteless they had let the syrup run out. I did not notice the drink until we left. Overall I was disappointed. The fries were good though. The drive thru order taker was courteous though so I have to give them points for that.
Went in her about a month ago and order a breakfast taco and a chicken biscuit for breakfast. ?The breakfast taco was good but the ckn biscuit literally looked days old. I contacted mcdonalds corporate via email to let them know. The kindly responded in email and with a call as well as send me a certificate for a free breakfast on the. ?I think cool they responded super fast and reasonably. So I take my coupon down to the same Mcdonalds and the guy at the register who could barely speak English proceeded to tell me I could not use it unless I ordered and paid for  breakfast meal as well. Not being able to convince him of what the coupon clearly said I just left. I emailed corporate twice again but no response.
If you like unhappy and rude customer service this is the place. @am its taking  minutes at the drive thru for  order of  piece mcnuggets. Terrible. Not coming back.
I dont go to McDonalds on a usual basis as Im a healthy eater. ?But I decided to go to drive-thru to get a chocolate-dipped cone. ?For . cents its a great deal and its delicious. ?Just eat it inside the restaurant because its going to melt quickly if you eat it in the car.
My friend and I came here to grab a quick bite before heading to the REI Garage Sale. ?Lets set the stageEXT McDonalds Drive-Through WindowOrder placed # on the breakfast menu oatmeal and a coffee with one cream two sugars. ?Driver goes to first window pays. ?Instead of returning the card quickly the cashier proceeds to have a -minute girl-talk with another coworker.Car drives to second window. ?Driver and passenger watch a dude make instant oatmeal. ?It appears to take several minutes. ?Worker disdainfully hands a bag and coffee to the driver. ?Driver asks passenger me to check the order as driving away. ?No oatmeal inside nor a spoon.Driver parks walks back in retrieves said missing items tiredly gets back in car. Driver happily looks on the coffee which was not prepared according to order.^Perhaps not a tragedy but definitely a comedy of errors that tells me not to patronize this McDonalds again.
I have developed a new rule for cheat mealsmeals where I am eating my feelingsand other should not be eating this meals associated with professionalpersonal stressors if the first thing out of your mouth is we are out of Diet Dr Pepper then I am going to keep driving. This being an experience of course that began with oh man couldnt get across the lanes on  to get to the usuals and had to take a later exit.I am not a total hater on McDonalds their bacon mcgriddle is perfect for curing the Jose Cuervo Dos Equis and Malbec back-alley no holds barred brawl raging in your stomach - the devil and god raging inside of you that Philosopher Jesse Lacey oft muses upon. The bacon mcgriddle becomes even better if you eat it at an airport or in the middle of a loong roadtrip it is something like the manifest destineers enjoying their cured and salted meats many miles from home a mile from typhoid on the Oregon Trail video game and still a long ways away from the Willamette Valley.In this instance I was running late and did not have time for my usuals of kolaches andor bagels andor breakfast tacos sadface. Sadface indeed as I was stripped of my Diet Dr Pepper this morning at gunpoint and forced to go with something more disappointing than finding out you are the father on the Maury Povich show having to drink Diet Coke with your bacon mcgriddle.Sometimes the mcgriddle comes out greasy that is to be expected. But this time the bag was see through and shiny the grease from the hash browns meshing with the mcgriddles so much it is impossible to tell where one riptide of grease began and where the other ended. Disgusting with a bunch of exclamation marks like this!!! And this!!!! For good measure this too!!!! On top of that the mcgriddle bun bottom was scorched even with a black scorch mark I am not being hypercritical about that. The cheese was too much and stuck to the wax paper. Notsogoodmethinks.I was severely disappointed with the soda and the food but the ketchup rationing was the final straw. When I ask for extra ketchup from the rest of the world that means stick your hand in the cookie jar and grab a big old handful. Not one tiny teeny-tiny little old dainty ONE additional packet of ketchup.We might be in the middle of six pointless or is it seven today? wars but I am pretty sure I remember Monotone McBoringpants saying something about guns vs. butter in Macroeconomics lo all those long long years ago and not guns vs. ketchup. Your profit margin will not change if you lose two extra ketchup packets each of my infrequent visits.I am giving you the grade of McFail. Please McGo and McWork on it.
Lobby and drive thru open hr but that is probably the only good thing to mention. ?I really only like going there when I have a desire for their french fries. ?Other than that they dont have much to offer me anymore since I eat primarily veggie these days.
It never fails that if you go to this McDonalds late at night they seem to give you the bottom barrel fries that has been sitting there for an hour. I had contacted the ownermanager through email which they were very nice into offering me some couponsvouchers - I kindly declined and just asked them to fix the problem instad. Lo and behold Ive had it happen more than once after that one incident.I do have my late night cravings which is why I go to this  hour McDonalds. But because of this Id rather be on the safe side and check out other burger joints that are open.
These people scream good morning at you when you walk through the door and everything- not the typical McDonalds employee attitude! Great service that morning for me.....and a sausage biscuit is a sausage biscuit unless its just not fresh! Man its McDonalds!
This place is disgusting. Ive gone twice. First time they gave me a burger that was dripping in grease. There was a grease puddle in the wrapper. Second time I went cashiermanager gave me a raggedy bent ass cup and gave me a ton of attitude when I asked for another one. I think they serve old food as well.
Went through for breakfast and the sausage biscuit was hot and delicious. ?I ordered a small mocha and must say that although it is cheaper than starbucks . vs . it is nowhere as good as starbucks. ?This McDonalds sometimes has inconsistent quality. ?Ive had chewy cold fries rather than fresh tasty fries. ?Sometimes the food isnt fresh and hot.
I dont like their food so I havent eaten here but I found myself with a $ gift card. Off the dollar menu I was able to get a dozen cheeseburgers and fries and treat my coworkers to lunch. They seemed to enjoy it and I have to admit it was a lot of food for such a small amount. I was impressed with the interior. They seem to be working on making themselves look nicer. It was clean and no foul odors.
This location is hit or miss mostly miss and service is below average. Ill give a prime example. Yesterday I ate breakfast here with my daughter. I ordered a side of eggs and hashbrown for her then a steak egg and cheese biscuit meal with a coffee for me. Simple right? Well they managed to get the hashbrown and eggs right but as for my biscuit they gave me a steak egg and cheese BAGEL sooo I brought it back and specified it was suppose to be a steak egg and cheese BISCUIT. He then told them BISCUIT. They remade it and gave it to me on a MCMUFFIN. Again I told him BISCUIT he gave it back and on the third try they got it correct. Ridiculous.....
Ive been here around  times. Service has been slow every single time even when the lines have been empty. Once they gave me something I didnt even order. Two other times they included sauce on my burgerswraps when I specifically told them none. And of course theres no friendly customer service or apologies when you have to wait another  minutes for them to fix your order.
Theyre service is too slow. Especially drive-thru even if its not busy. It will take like mins to get your order.
The service is bad the manager need More speriance on costumer serviceIm very disappoints from the bigins to knowGoin bad
I went through the drive through to order oatmeal and received what appeared to be a version of the product that was microwaved for  seconds.. ?When I went inside and asked for the manager Maria came over to correct the error of the runny oatmeal. ?When she came back with my revamped order the oatmeal was flooded with even more liquid. ?This time I received the disclaimer that the oatmeal would need a few minutes to sit before eating due to the instant not homemade process. ? minutes later and my stomach is still empty. I know it is McDonalds but I still expect a product that a least looks appealing to eat.
Normally I wouldnt review a fast food joint but our meaning my husbands and my collective negative experiences have prompted me to review it.Every time we go there usually through the drive-thru they always forget something or get something wrong!! We even repeat our order in a slow fashion and enunciate every word and check the receipt. Even then something is missing. Whether its french fries ketchup dipping sauce straws or even an extra patty we like to order the double Filet-O-Fish.You might be thinking Well its McDonalds what do you expect? And youre right. We should know better and we should always check the bag before leaving. But I digress. My one and only example of the Idiocracy-type service Ive experienced I will give is this I went through the drive-thru and ordered two meals with large drinks each. When I got to the food window I was given one large drink and one medium. When I complained and said it wasnt what I ordered the guy at the window looked bewildered. He said he couldnt fix it because the automatic drink machine wouldnt allow him to manually pour another one. Then when I asked Well cant you just go get me another one? he said I cant leave my spot. Then I countered with Well can you get someone ELSE to do it? he said Uh I cant leave my spot. I can give you a cup and you can come inside to get it yourself. What?? I went through the drive-thru because I had just come from the vet and I had the dog in the car. I told the employee I went through the drive-thru because I have my dog with me! He didnt say anything. I mean he obviously wasnt the best with troubleshooting OR customer service so I went to park got the drink and left. Every time after that something in our order was messed up. The food was fine but something was always either wrong or missing. We know better than to eat their food for obvious reasons but since their service is consistently terrible we wont be going back.
Every time no exaggerations EVERY TIME i come here there is either an item missing from my order or something is wrong or BOTH. These people are incompetent period. No apologies no customer service and no accountability. If you want your order to be correct DONT GO HERE! Its no wonder they work at McDonalds no other company would hire them because theyre morons and cant get sh*t right.
My little girls love their Hotcakes in the morning before school. McDonalds never disappoints.
A friendly enough Micky Ds but difficult to find from the highway. ?I agree with Sherwin S. that it was pretty clean but I had no problem with the staff... they seemed competent enough to take my order and not mess it up. What more do you want from McDonalds?
Best fast food fries...but thats about it!!! For some reason I have really been craving these things!!! The new Pearland McDonalds is new and very clean! The staff members are not the sharpest tools in the shed but hey its McDonalds!!!
Its a McDonalds. The food is as youd expect and it seems clean. I had to dock an extra star for the lack of play area. For such a family friendly location it seems weird not to have one. They do have  TouchPlay machines hidden back by the bathrooms but neither one works very well - the sensors seem really off.
Slowest drive-thru ever. ?Youre always bombarded by house less occupants that post at the drive- thru entrance and exit. Better option is to drive the extra  min west and go to the location on arlington.
If I could give this place negative stars I wouldHorrible service rude staff and their prices on the menu dont even match what they charge you they have prices showing that to add bacon and $. and then she charge me a $. per piece of bacon boosted my meal up almost  dollars and some change just to add bacon to a breakfast sandwich and then when I speak with the manager in charge she there though well theyll change the prices eventually everyone has attitudes no ones willing to help I work in customer service myself and if I was a treat anyone the way that I was treated this morning it will be a serious issue but of course because its McDonalds cares its a free-for-all to do whatever you want to treat people however you want to treat them with no repercussions I will never come move McDonalds again where service that Ive received
Drive thru is the worst! I spend over  min waiting for food. By the time Im home its cold!!! I would definitely recommend you to go to Jack in the box thats its down the street.
very horrible!! the employees are not very bright and dont work together i order my food and the person taking my order couldnt remember what i ordered after i had just placed my order then i get to the window to give her my money forgot to order some cookies i pay for everything now its time to receive my food the guy hands me my cookies and then looks at me like is there anything else i can help you with? i ask him wheres my food and he says i didnt order anything else so now im furious ?cuz it already took like minutes then manager says the same thing so im like go talk to the person who took my order!! like they were arguing with me over me only ordering the cookies person who took my order confirms my order and to top it off no napkins were given to me or an apology!! would never ever go there again!!! i recommend no one does!!
If you have time to waste and too ?much gasoline in your car this would be the best of the drive thrus to come too.
Eduardo is the best! He allowed a food donation to be made to our non profit IYF that prepared for the Christmas Cantata at the Shrine auditorium last night with a whole bunch of Big Macs and fries. Its the people that make mcdonalds great! The staff were super helpful too
I am not a huge fast food fan because I try to eat healthy. However for those cheat days I occasionally splurge on McDonalds because that is the american way. Because this McDonalds is so close to USC this is the one I go to exclusively. I cannot speak for the drive-thru speed during the day but at night the server usually does not take too long. The food is also typical of any Mcdonalds.My complaint here is that no matter when I come I never fail to be heckled by the homeless people around. It is incredibly uncomfortable to sit and wait for your food in your car and be yelled at for no reason.
Honestly my first time here I have been to many McDonalds but these workers have the worst customer service ever  Fernando was taking my order and he gave me an attitude cause I kept changing my mind on service like its his job to keep patient and have excellent work ethics and he called his co worker and was calling me and my friend niggas while they where talking behind our back I wouldnt recommend this place its absurd. I also saw how they treated the other guest with out kindness even the manager. As you notice I only gave one star
Ive been through the drive-thru  times now. All  times they made an error on my order.
Probably one of the nicest McDonalds Ive ever been in and I absolutely despise McDonalds. Nice interior TV menus and good for two things drunk greasy food and the McCaf?? as a less expensive alternative to Starbucks.But at the end of the day its still a McDonalds. Also- expect to be haggled for money by the local homeless. They tend to sweep through the McDonalds dining room asking patrons for spare change.
Not gonna lie this has gotta be one of the slowest McDonalds of all time. Dont bother coming after  you might as well make your own food.
This review is for the DRIVE THRU ONLY!!!Just like any other McDonalds except this place has TWO drive thru lines. Makes the line go by faster HOORAY! Whenever I stop by for breakfast the workers are friendly and fast.Last time i was here i spilled my sweet tea in the car and the girl at the window gave me a new one! Second time this happens to me  the first time it was at a different McDonalds the guy at the register said i needed to pay for another one -_- even after seeing how wet my pants were.Overall this place is fast and friendly I havent been inside yet but from the reviews this place is scary lol. It McDonalds people not Olive Garden
It is  in the morning....why is the drive thru so freaking slow this early in the morning?
Did you know that from -am prime munchi time. These establishments shut their credit card machines down... ?Brought it down  stars just for that.I dont carry cash with me in Downtown LA because I keep reading all of the DPS reports about people getting mugged. Any who what else can i say about McDonalds that hasnt been said for about  years.MMMMMM omg BIG MAC IN MY FACE PLEASE!I know this food may not be the healthiest for you but how can you complain you know what you are getting yourself into lol. Here is a good tip. Buy two double cheese burgers with nothing but mac sauce lettuce tomato and onions. Then slap em together and what do you get?A double meat Big Mac that costs about .$ less. WOOT WOOT!
Went through the drive-through for what I was hoping would be a quick coffee this morning. When they gave it to me it was an iced coffee even though I asked for it hot. They took it back and had be park to the side to wait for my coffee to be ready. When they brought it out I drove away only to discover that the supposedly hot coffee was actually lukewarm at best! I drove back and went inside to get a new one only to find that it was packed and I had difficulty getting to the front to request a new coffee. The entire experience took about  minutes. Im not hating on the employees here or anything but it was still a disappointing experience overall. This was probably just a fluke but I recommend double checking your order before driving away as well as avoiding this McDonalds on Sunday mornings in general.
I RARELY go to McDonalds but sometimes you just need your chicken mcnuggets or a hot fudge sundae or maybe a $ ice cream.I biked over here once from USC and went inside to order and I will NEVER do this again. I was asked multiple times for money and inside it was crowded loud dirty and there were some shady characters. In the MIDDLE OF THE DAY! They took forever to give me my order too. So if you are going to come here use the drive thru. Then again that takes forever as well. Ive sat there waiting to get through the line for  minutes when all I ordered was an egg mcmuffin. FAIL.
Where else around USC can you get breakfast at am and not risk your life. No where.
one of the speakers was broken but it did not have a sign. so i had to back out to get to the other speaker. first of all they asked me what i ordered they had no idea. i was asked about three times to repeat my order. i paid for a smoothie and they told me they did not have that flavor available. i payed for something then when i get to the second window they tell me they dont have it. ?it took forever to get my order. and this mcdolands is always packed.
I have been here many times because it is located conveniently on my way to campus. However while I have experienced decent service inside the restaurant going through the drive through has always been a disaster. Most of the time the voice box machines outside do not work. If they do the employees cannot hear your order very well and the set up is not very well organized to support the long lines of cars that they receive. This line can back up onto Figueroa causing traffic jams and general chaos. I recommend going to a different McDonalds if you plan on using the drive through.
This is the worst McDonalds i have ever been too. I ordered a large soda and  dipped cones. It was  am so there was not much cars in line at the drive thru. There was  cars ahead of me and it took  minutes to finally arrive at the main window. Then it was another  minutes just to give me a soda and  dipped cones!!! Everyone at the window was acting stupid like they had no idea what to do. NO one wanted to give there face at the window. Everyone including the manager was just walking around in circles back and fourth. Then finally a girl came to the window and asked what was our order ready to hand us food. I forgot to mention that the car in front of us waited so long he just took off and i didnt see him receive anything. So i told her my order and she left. Then a boy comes up and asked us the same thing so i told him. I couldnt believe it but for the third time the manager goes to the window and asked us what we ordered. I told her ?a large soda and two dipped cones. WOW i cant believe the manager had to figure out our order after explaining it  times. She hands me the coke and like  minutes later a girl comes to the window and hands  dripping cones without napkins so i look at her like really? then she says  Oh let me give you some napkins.
I didnt like their drive thru service.
This McDonalds has made a radical adjustment since this time last year. Employees are courteous and friendly. Orders are not only made correctly but are double-checked for accuracy. Soda cups are wiped down individually before being handed out the drive-thru window. I am extremely impressed with my past dozen visits to this location. There are only two problems Lobby is often messy but with their cliental being almost entirely comprised of USC students I dont fault the restaurant and longish drive-thru wait times.. but what are you going to do when you have two order lanes open? Overall really impressed with the turn-around here. Keep up the good work!
Every time I come here my booking for a party is messed up or my meal is incorrect or incomplete. I come because its close but there are closer. The Play place I no longer allow my kids in since the last few time they became ill. The bathroom in the play place has this extra tall toilet why? Kids are the ones going to use it the most. Well at least I cant say it was unexpected.
Its a mcdonalds. The food is flash frozen boxed and prepared by lesser skilled persons who you hope dont spit in your food. The only reason im writing a review at all is cos this is the worst one Ive ever been to in my life. Got screamed at by a homeless lady as I was walking in what am I gonna do about my lunch?! Inside the ac was off and it was packed and sweatynasty.  homeless guys in there harassing everyone in line for money *not food* and it wouldnt be so bad but they were hitting us up over and over and over... and nobody asked them to leave. Will never come here again. Convinced this is an unspoken level of Dantes inferno...
Its McDonalds what can you expect.The fact that theyre open late is what I like about this location. They have two drive-thru windows and the waiting can get kind of long which sucks when you are drunk and hungry.
Went here on March th and there NO Shamrock Shakes. They werent sold out. The employees just had NO idea what I was talking about. SHAMROCK SHAKES! A St. Paddys Day institution and I receive a silent voice on the other end of the intercom.I already never go to McDonalds but considering they could not satisfy my ONE craving for a SINGLE Mickey Ds item = Absolute FAIL.
Must-haves Nuggets McGriddle OatmealSkip Big MacNice McDonalds considering the neighborhood. Great place to go to if you need something quick before going to USC.Food C+ | Service C | Selection B | Experience C | Overall C
This McDonalds is more expensive than others Ive been to so I suggest sticking to the $ menu.They also dont know their own stuff I asked Does a medium fries have the monopoly pieces on it? He answers Yes ?I get it. . . no no they dont. ?The other thing besides them being incompetent and it costing more is there are often people around there begging for food. ?They are by the entrances and also by the drive thru. ?Its pretty bad.Besides that there food tastes fine in general.
Something is wrong with this Mc Donalds. ?I have been here twice. ?The first time I came here there was a customer in an argument with management about the employees being racist and ignoring him he was black and they were hispanic. ?I wont go into details but he was kind of right.The second time was this morning. ?I ordered two combo breakfast and when I got home no hashbrowns ok...probably better for me that they didnt give them to me and my egg mc muffin was dried out. I dont eat a Mickey Ds very often but every now and then I just want an Egg Mc Muffin or Filet o Fish....I guess I will have to remember to go to the one on Washington...stupid me...that one is closer too.
Sometimes you need to let loose...Just dont do it here. ?Drive thru service is completely horrible. It is slow workers dont speak English well order screen is damaged and  times there is a homeless person begging at the speaker box and another homeless person begging at the pick-up window. ?No exaggeration! Everytime yes everytime I have gone to this drive-thru they have screwed up my order. So youd better check whats in the bag before you drive off. The trick is to find that perfect timing of when to check whats in the bag how to roll up your window to avoid the homeless beggar and how much time to take to examine your bags contents without annoying the people behind you who have also been waiting for  minutes + in the same drive-thru. ?This place is horrible.The food taste like McDonalds food...but over-cooked or under-cooked. ?It is never just right. ?Dont bother with the frozen yogurt either. ?The machine must be faulty because it comes out like a sloppy mess. ?The food here only taste good if youre drunk but you wouldnt be in the drive thru if you were drunk anyway!  Id rather go to near-by Chanos Mexican Food.I have given this establishment multiple chances to prove me wrong but it has consistently under-delivered. ?It is the worst McDonalds I have ever been to. ?I challenge you to experience this review for yourself and youll be surprised by its truthful accuracy.Bottom line Id rather go hungry than go to this McDonalds. They should pay YOU to eat here. The homeless people only beg here not eat here...and thats saying something about a place that delivers nothing.See you for dessert...
This McDonalds needs a security guard because the weird homeless people corner you and the begging starts. The shock of them sneaking around the corner is too much that you immediately dont hear what they say so you just say NO!! And it is not dirty smelly bums these are CAPABLE people who can go get a damn job and pay their way. This McDonalds is just weird.I only come here because my boyfriend like to make a late night run after work. ?The drive thru people dont speak English and your order is always wrong. I dont know why they dont take debit or credit card after a certain time. They always ask for cash. I find it odd thats all Im saying. Some of the people I dont trust. They look shady as hell.This McDonalds is so odd!
Many many late night munchies have been satisfied at this establishment. Other people complain about how they sometimes dont have everything in stock. Ive only run into that situation  or  times since Im not that picky when it comes to fast food. Beggers cant be choosers imo. I usually order a simple burger so theyre bound to have that in stock. My friend always gets salads so sometimes theyre out of the kind he usually gets. But again that has happened like  or  times at most.As for the food even late at night the food is served hot so Im definitely satisfied there. Inside is just like any other Mcdonalds with an indoor playpen for kiddies. Overall I havent had any bad experiences with this place other than the occasional homeless person walking up to your car asking for money when youre sitting in the drive-thru at  am. But that has nothing to do with McDonalds you can run into homeless people anywhere.
This is the McDonalds that my friends and I always go to since its the closest to our apartment but at the same time its definitely the WORST one Ive ever been to.One plus is that their drive-thru is open  hours but sadly the later at night you go the more often your choices are limited. For example one day we were craving their vanilla cone but they said that their ice cream machine was off already so they couldnt make it! Okay. Whats the point of staying open  hours if you cant even give the customers the food they want?!The other day I had a pretty bad dine-in experience. The lady behind the counter charged extra for big mac sauce on the McDouble which I have NEVER experienced before. Usually going through drive-thru they never charge extra for a McDouble wo the ketchup w big mac sauce and shredded lettuce a.k.a a Big Mac but cheaper!. My boyfriend and I were pretty shocked when she told us we had to pay extra for the sauce and she claimed that they always do this which they really NEVER DO!!Then this same lady proceeded to close the cash register before giving me my change! She told me to wait on the side so she can give it to me after she opens it for the next customer. So I patiently waited... and then she closed the cash register AGAIN after the next customer and totally forgot to give me my change!!!! So I had to remind her again to which she just laughed and semi-apologized and then finally gave me my change after like a decade of waiting! ARGH! Worst McDonalds worker ever!! Completely rude and horrible customer service skills! I totally agree with my boyfriend who said this McDonalds is very poorly managed. He even wrote a complaint to them a while back but they never responded. We love to see you smile? I beg to differ.
So incredibly peeved! I went to the drive-thru to grab a quick lunch before I went into the office. I bought  cheeseburgers and when I got to my office I found there was only ONE cheeseburger. This was supposed to be my lunch... the sticker on the bag that says Double Checked for Accuracy is just laughing at me right now. Either they didnt double check it or they dont know how to count. I dont understand the satisfaction of scamming  cents from customers but whatever makes you sleep at night I guess.The only reason I ever go to this McDonalds is because its close to USC and close to my apartment. I really dislike this McDonalds. Really really dislike.OH. AND you will almost ALWAYS get homelesshobos loitering outside asking you for money.
Pretty nice McDonalds one of the nicer ones ive been too and the food is solid McDonalds quality. Service is a little slow however but waiting for chicken nuggets or a McFlurry is totally worth it. Great place for a quick bite around USC.
EVERY SINGLE TIME I COME HERE THEY TAKE FOREVER..... it is seriously the SLOWEST fast food joint i have EVER been to. it shouldnt even be called fast food in this case. AND also the last two times i went which were in the past month i dont usually go to mcDs i swear they forgot my order. I literally waited + minutes. And the worst thing is that the ?workers there seem very reluctant to help you so make sure you show them whos boss and demand your fkin food that they fkin forgot!!!!!!!!! I forget about how shitty they are when i get my food tho because im glad the food is always hot and fresh and the nugz are crispy. I HATE STALE NUGGETS *AHEMLAX* but honestly besides the shitty service and blah workers this is def one of the nicer mcdonalds out there. its usually pretty clean and they also have a humungo playplace thing for kiddos. also everybody comes here on thurs-sat nights cause who doesnt love a drunk mcdonalds meal and if youre a creeper you can check out all the girls in slutty outfits coming from the row. ha. I can see the mcds sign from where i live at usc too so obv i do come here still with the shitty service. I think itll be smarter to do drive thru next time that way theres NO WAY they can forget my order. muahahahaha. lol.
I stumbled on the review for this McDonalds which I already frequented many times. ?I want to put out a good word for them because I think the rating is lower than what it is supposed to be speaking from my own experience. The staff are fine though sometimes they are not clear in the speaker. Food is good as well. I went there at least once a week.
Considering its in a pretty crappy area I could not give this place more than  stars. Additionally it IS McDonalds. I went to the drive-thru the other morning to get an iced coffee and they were pretty busy which is good. However if you are in a hurry and need to get to USC or your work place I would not recommend coming here because it always seems to be packed. Anyways its McDonalds. Its not much different than the others.
Well we all know the quality of food at your standard mcdonalds and this one is no different.THe only things of note about this Mickey Ds are . it is open  hours a day which is a very convenient thing when it comes to late night food runs. . It must be the slowest mcdonalds ever. I cannot tell you how many times I have sat in that drive thru for upwards of  minutes. Even at its fastest it is still super slow.
There is usually atleast one person asking for money outside which makes me not want to go here. ?Which incidentally is good and bad!
This is one of my favorite places that my kids have enjoyed going to enjoying coming here for years even before they were born. ?I remember when their used to be a bridge like castle playground it was really fun for them and I also enjoyed going through the maze with both my kids. ?Now this is a  hour drive through and dine in. Also the one on Glenoaks Blvd and Western in Glendale.
Is it possible to put no stars in this branch?I mean this place is probably in the top ten list of the worst McDonalds franchises in history.They ALWAYS screw up our order! Its either a missing burger or the wrong side item. Whats really bad is you trust them to do it right and you discover that the order is messed up when you get home! So you go back right? They give you the missing item and simply say ...there you go sorry. No bonuses no heres something to make up for our crappy service nothing like that!They will not give you ketchup or napkins unless you ask for it so if you forgot youll be eating your fries as is!If you order a combo they would ask you ...medium or large? As if SMALL is not an option very tricky!When you order a breakfast meal they would ask Do you want to have orange juice instead of coffee? as if there is no difference in price and you have the option of choosing juice over coffee without extra cost. They will NEVER tell you that should you make the mistake of choosing orange juice you will pay a lot more for the stupid UPGRADE!Is this how McDonalds became the most successful franchise? By tricking their own customers????!!!!Dont bother to talk to the people in there... nobody cares...
Coffee breakfast deal.The end.Just drivin thru just drivin thru.Bonus across the street is a historic building! Van de Kamps used to own the place. It now houses an ?Alliance Environmental Science and Technology Charter High School.
Got into the drive thru line shortly after midnight on Saturday evening so technically it was  Sunday. ?Five cars in line ahead of me. ?Order took almost  minutes. ?It was ridiculous. ?And instead of offering some kind of coupon or free item they are trying to upsell everyone in line an apple pie. ?No clue of concept about how to take care of or treat customers. ?In short will not return to this McDonalds. ?Avoid at all costs.
I star for the food. My drive-thru experience at ish pm  was -. Just because youre a fast food place that doesnt mean you dont greet customers. A Hello good evening. Or sorry for the wait SOMETHING that lets me feel a lil better for spending my HARD EARNED cash at this establishment! Anyone that works retail knows how much CUSTOMER SEVICE IS PUSHED. Management at this McDonalds should consider retraining & teach these employees the basics. Working with the public being a cashier isnt easy You deal with unsavory people with crappier attitudes sometimes. ?BUT you still want your customers to leave happier not upset.
Very sllloooowwwww drive thru service. The slowest Ive ever experienced. I would avoid this mc Donalds if youre in a hurry. Some people just left the line. AVOID!!!!!!
McDonalds is usually very prompt with servicing your orders however it took about  minutes to go through the drive-thru line tonight at pm. It should not take  minutes to get fast food. My friend and I ordered fries a double cheeseburger and a McDouble. Definitely one of the slowest drive thrus Ive experienced but perhaps it was just an off day for them. This McDonalds is also very close to downtown Highland Park so you can grab a bite to eat at McDonalds and then head to the YOrk or Hermosillo down the road for some drinks!Its located in a quiet neighborhood with not a whole lot of traffic. Cant complain about that!
The service was pretty bad. We ordered our food normally and we wondered why we were waiting so long so when we checked on it they took our receipt and the time was apparently dated wrong and they accused of us lying when we werent. They said theyd get us our food and when we went back again they asked us again if we wanted the money or food so we ended up just leaving. I wont be coming back to this McDonalds again.
I wrote most of this on the toilet!Did you like the movie Falling Down? Then this is your McDonalds friend! ?Now a story about what a terrific husband I amMy wife was hungry one Saturday morning and wanted something quick. I said  How about McDonalds? We rarely visit the place and lets be honest we all know what to expect. Yeah its terrible for you. Its a chain with no indie cred but its hard to deny that a sausage egg and cheese biscuit is delicious even if its not served by a cool guy with a handlebar mustache.So I rolled up to the San Fernando location just blocks away from the infamous Drew Street and former Avenues Gang stronghold. The drive through line was looooong and I thought Ill just go in! Thatll be quick right?The interior was that edge-of-anarchy you only get on a Saturday in a sketchy corner of a big city. Kids post-soccer games all jacked up on Cokes and orange slices a dense crowd that stands a liiiiitle to close a few vagrants and an overwhelmed staff that handles it fairly well.I finally left about  minutes later yes really after several false alarms of Oh! I think thats mine. ?Ironically my ORANGE JUICE is what held up the order while I watched the biscuit McMuffin and hashy-bs get cold. ?I walked out politely but my head was spinning with entitled yuppie frustration and thoughts of Well Im never going in there again. One time no joke I got a cheeseburger with no burger! Kinda hilarious actually and the manager came through for me with a TWO free cheeseburgers as an apology. Despite all that YOU KNOW ILL STILL BE BACK. ?Maybe not IN the location but in the drive through for sure. ?Dont get me started on the -lane merging drive through. ?Just dont.Im not going to pretend Im shocked or offended that a McDonalds experience is way less than perfect. ?Hey you get what you pay for. ?Anyway my wife was happy to get her Egg McMuffin and breakfast at home was pretty good.
Longest drive through ever - ordered at p and its  and still  cars ahead of us - I have to be at work @ p so this leaves little time to even eat once I even get there. It would be nice if the staff said hey sorry about that but nothing - like a Jedi mind trick it never happened - Im seriously never doing this drive through ever again this is totally ridiculous
I just signed up for yelp. Rated this McDonalds a  star and wrote this review before I ever got my food. Slowest McDonalds in LA.  mintues waiting.
This McDonalds is open  hours! Thats right ?you can go inside after the bars are closed and order a freaking big mac and well done fries. Plus they have free Internet access and an electric outlet. Safe neighborhood. The parking lot is big and empty. Perfect for making out with girls in the car. Restaurant is big and spacious. Good warm food and $ for large fountain drinks. Kids playground is open during normal business hours. Great AC always on full blast. ?Perfect getaway for the summertime.
Was expecting the sweet and flavory vanillacaramel ice coffees of McDonalds. Instead gave me and my little cousins a plain bitter iced coffe. No good ended up goin to Dennys for their iced coffee.
Not lovin it. ?Messed up a filet-o-fish. ?Wait is too long. ?Manager overwhelmed. ?Laziest janitor ever.
Can this place be shut down already! My husband and I come here often before going to work and they take forever for a coffee and oatmeal. Which by the way is always given to is poorly . The night crew is a lot better than the am crew avoid this place
Staff is so rude and unprofessional. They messed up my order then got mad when I told them it was wrong like I was bothering them. They were also very unapologetic like it was my fault my order was wrong.
Terrible mcdonalds. The crew here is useless all they do is stand around and talk. Took  minutes to get my order when the place is empty. ease shut this location down
They only accept cash at night? That just sounds shady....
Hey its a cup of coffee from the drive thru!
Im a fan because its conveniently on my way to work and on my way home but just like any other McDonalds its ok. You know what you will get when you eat at any McDonalds. Actually service and kindness & possibly attitude could be different hit & miss really.On occasion this place has sold out or cant meet the needs very early in the morning or at times in the evening of items I hardly order but Im sure that really blows for the people that do enjoy those items.In my younger years I did eat twice inside but couldnt stand the crowds it does not even have a play area but yet the kids would make the eating area their playground. Funny come to think of it.I will continue stopping by this place regardless. Cant beat cheap eats on certain occasions.
My boyfriend hates this place because either they always forget something or just take to long. Once they literally made us wait  on the drive thru window for a cup lid really?? Lol its a joke.
Fries always seem to taste like theyve been sitting for a long time. Dry stale not salted. The last couple of times theyve gotten my order wrong.
I am gonna give this  stars because I love love love this particular locations atmosphere. Ever since they remodeled Ive always gone through the drive through and now I see myself in. Oh man Im in heaven lmao. Not that crowded and so not dirty to other locations ive been too. You can relax in here while savoring your food haha. Anyways as for food I was disappointed when I overheard they ran out of bbq sauce because I was thinking of getting it than I backed out. Service was mediocre. Food was nice a fresh.
i know its mcdonalds but this was the worse experience ive had ever in a mickey ds...got coupon for a free smoothie - with purchase of any sandwich or salad ? no dollar menu itemsok ordered a cheeseburger girl insisted its in the dollar menu...i said no she said yea...so i said ok fine let me get a southern chicken sandwich ?- she asked if grilled or fried - i said fried...ok good...but i was still mad that cheeseburger IS NOT in the dollar menu....anyways order comes...we were in a hurry paid w debit card...done deal....wen we get the bag its a f***** salad....wackness....i swear but i got no time to argue or change the salad to sandwich and go thru debitcredit processing to change prices etc....so it was double wack....then i get home guess what.....there a long hair on the salad....
The worse drive thru ever. Make sure to check your order if you make a mistake coming to this place. The lady in the drive thru has no costumer service what so ever. The attitude is way up there and this place can really ruin your day specially if you are with your kids. This is use to be a fun place to bring your kids. Maybe McDonald got too BIG and they dont care about costumer service anymore? The management is a joke for hiring this kind of people. Specially whoever work today July . am
I like.this place bcas ita my neighborhood mcdonalds 
Place sucks. Crew here is very ghetto. They look at you with attitude no matter how polite you are. They even use pretty foul language behind the registers when they talk to one another. Thats the inside. star cuz I cant give a . When I asked for a ranch dip sauce this girl with eye liner up the whazoo stared at me for a while and curled her lip. Like I said...this place is ghetto.
Place is very nice since the reconstruction. Daytime workers are friendly and drive through is fast. But evening workers are ghetto women w attitude and drive through is slow. One time they told me to pull forward and i ask where? They said just park anywhere. After waiting mins i walked in and a worker was yelling I dont know whos food this is i asked and it was my order. If i didnt go in who knows how much longer id have to be waiting. And so i get home and find out some of my nuggets were stale! WTF!!!
Drive thru has two ordering boxes. This McDonalds was just remodeled.
Do not ever use the drive through at this Mc Donalds its ridiculous! You start off in one lane which then splits into  lanes so  cars can order at the same time sounds good right? ?Wrong! while you are waiting in the single lane there is no menus posted so once everyone gets to the  lane menu ordering board they look over the menu which takes some people an eternity. Then the double lane once again turns into a single lane. Can you imagine the confusion with people who dont understand the concept of lanes merging and want to be first to the ONE pay window and ONE food pick up window. I was in the drive through for  minutes there is no way out. I saw one near fight between  cars and  different women screaming at each other and the employees at the window. I gave it  stars because I feel bad for the people who work the drive through window and they were actually pretty nice. I will never go here again though.  minutes!!!!
McDonalds! A dream land of happy meals and playspaces. Or at least thats what it was to me growing up. And its still here albeit refurbished and the McWorld has turned into Im lovin it ... but its still the same food. I say the same because we ALL know what McDonalds means in terms of food. Whether the foods good or bad Ill leave it to your own opinion. I for one like getting full for less than $ and getting it fast!I still remember trying to collect all the Monopoly game pieces from this McDonalds stopping by right after shopping at the adjacent former Kmart. Good memories indeed!
A notch above the area fast food joints. Quick meal friendly servers and he-llo brand new interior plus its open hrs- what more do u need in a McDs?
I dont like this location anymore. They always get our orders wrong. Why do they even bother putting a doubled checked for accuracy sticker on it when they obviously dont check twice!? I bet they only use that sticker to tape the receipt on the bag. What else... Oh the fries... they taste like theyre leftovers from someones tray. Yuck! What ever happened to fresh from the deep fryer crispy and piping hot sprinkled with just enough salt? It doesnt exist here. Dont bother ordering Coke coz it taste like Pepsi-Coke or Pepsi-Coke-Wax paper. Honestly stay away from this place. As far as the burgers sandwiches and chicken nuggets theyre not too bad. They do come out hot but I just dont trust this location anymore. I want to be able to buy a meal and not have to complain about anything. But thats me.
I ordered a double cheeseburger mini meal that comes with fries and a coke. ?First of all service was slow. There were only  people in the restaurant and  cars in the drive through and my food took about  minutes. ?The fries were old and tasted like cardboard. ?The coke was flat and tasted like brown sugar water. The burger was the only good thing. The tables were so dirty with ketchup and grease stains.
Most of us have been to a McDonalds and I think some are better than others taste quality & service wise. I thought Id just give some love to the folks who manage & work so hard at this location on San Fernando & Fletcher right next to the  Fwy. Always smiling always prompt always fresh warm food. The Drive Thru is -hours. ?If they dont have a part of your order pronto you can pull to the side & theyll bring it out to your car. Service with a smile. Good work guys & gals!
Its  and still got breakfast yay!Never includes ketchup! otherwise its very clean and very the employees are nice! This location is open  hours and there are  drive through lanes.
Worst service ever waited for ten minutes for a wrong order. Manager was on the phone the whole time and employees didnt know what to do. Do not recommend.
Worst mcdonalds of alllllllllllllllllll time do not coming here horrible service everyone that works there sucks badly that cant do anything right theyget most of the orders wrong they keep waiting for a long time the drive threw is horrible on a scale - they rank - its ridiculous the type of management they have here and they the homeless hang out by the restroom area there restrooms are horrible do not come here
the operations and food seem fine but this location has a chronic problem with leaving things out of my order. sometimes a salad would be missing another time a cheeseburger was missing. Many times sauces I ask for are missing. I never made a big deal because a few bucks wasnt worth driving back there and bothering the employees about it.  stars since this place doesnt actually cook the food cook and defrost.. two different things and its more about service. You had ONE job just get the order right... the food is already cooked and arrives frozen. You just microwave it wrap it and toss it in a paper bag... but no that was too challenging.the soft serve ice-cream is great but ive seen locations that stack the ice cream wayyy higher...
Negative  stars if possible for giving me wrong orders  times in a ROW.This place just wont stop dissapointing me !CAN YOU PLEASE GIVE ME MY ORDERS CORRECTLY FOR ONCE.Every single time I add onion on my burger there was never once a onion added.I even specifically ask them to double triple check my order.My fries are never filled and my burgers never have onions inside them.I try to not come to this location but I always seem to give it another try since I always have to pass by this location and it always fail to satisfy me for a simple order.MANAGEMENT  where are you?will I ever be able to get a correct order? or the only way is to just avoid this location.
Drove through very late. Asked for a moment and then got ignored by the guy. Drove up and he never looked at the computer to act like he was taking the order down. Informed us there wasnt beef. We figure out what we are ordering. He says no sprite either. Then finally after we work out what we CAN have- he says cash only. -_-Should have lead with that.
McDonalds sucks for so many reasons most of us know.. But this place is kinda awesome. Its such a new level of nasty and broke down that it rules. My roommate went there a long time ago and told me he ordered an apple pie and some other stuff. He got home opened the bag and didnt see the apple pie box and thought they accidentally gave him a cheeseburger instead. But that cheeseburger was a apple pie wrapped up as a cheeseburger. Thats awesome.
If you like Asian people this place has a bunch of them on Saturday nights ... Cute? Its hit or miss each time.Everything else is on par with any other McDonalds
The service at this place is horrible! Im constantly ignored especially at the drive through. My order is almost always wrong and generally the employees are extremely rude. I understand that good service can be a struggle and its not particularly enjoyable but I have felt downright guilty ordering her because of the attitude Ive received. If you can avoid eating at this McDonalds please do!
OH MAN ! This is anther Micky Ds thats gotten remodeled its way better  then before now the place looks much better  the tables they got when you enter they got so you can charger your phone  & computer how great is that DDD??  the place its kinda of dirty on the tables  & floors but i am just docking of two stars cause sometimes its so full that their is not tables able .
Drive Thur Review only....I really dont like going into this location for several reason but the main reason would be the people who frequent this McDonalds it varies from homeless too thugs to old men playing chess outside. I just prefer the drive Thur and considering I havent had McDonalds in almost a year I just decided to get some fries and a coke. The drive Thur service was quick and fast and I had no issue.. but I strongly recommend not to eat inside.
So I waited  minutes in the drive-thru to place an order for a large iced coffee. ?The menu board thingy shows a $. price but the computer screen displaying the order shows a $. price. ?After another  minute wait I finally get to the pay window and bring up the price to the cashier dude. ?He says no one has ever mentioned a price discrepancy my word not his and implies that I am lying or mistaken. ?He says $. is the price and there is no way around it. ?Say what there now? ?So I pull out of the drive-thru line park my car WALK back to the menu board thingy and take a picture of the $. advertised price for a large iced coffee. ?I go inside and speak with Victor the manager about the price issue and the long wait. ?He doesnt believe me about the price despite the picture and goes to check it himself. ?When he returns he says the girl who changes the menu board thingy isnt in yet. ?I tell him thats an operational issue that has nothing to do with me. ?He tries again telling me $. is the price because thats what the computer says. ?I remind or perhaps inform him that false advertising is against the law. ?He doesnt seem to care. ?I press on yes foolishly about the price discrepancy the hassle of getting out of my car to deal with it the long wait and the fact that NO ONE has offered an apology. ?I could see I was going nowhere so finally I ask for his name and store information so I can file a complaint. ?Then he mutters a half-baked sorry slides a dime across the counter to me and walks away. ?Thank you universe for the reminder that you get what you pay for. ?How dare I expect anything other than this kind of service from a fast food place.
This is a very busy location I dont think I have ever been here without having to stand in line. When I dine in I never have any problems with my order. But when I pick up to-go I have sometimes been given the wrong items. Although to be fair I think there are some individuals who purposely grab other peoples food. On the bright side busy store means the food is always fresh.
Stopped here because our toddler had pooped in her diaper & needed changing. I figured that since they had a playground theyd have to have a diaper changing station right? WRONG. not even in the unisex bathroom in the playground area.
McD food is what it is but it seems this location and others such monrovia and montebello need to better define how customers line up to place orders. ?Basically you either mske one line gor multiple cashiers or some days you need to line up at individual cashiers. ?It doesnt help when it is busy and those eho are waiting for orders place are mixed in with people trying to order. ?Who needs the confusion. ?The employees are usually no help in directing traffic either.
I wish I can give no stars cause I never got my food.This place isnt fast food its slow food. ?A slow fast food restaurant completely negates the only positivereason for ever eating unhealthy getting your food fast.I ordered a Deluxe Bfast with a Mocha Frappe during my break and I figured Ill order the least complicated food so I can still eat the food and have time to head back to work.The managed to make the Deluxe Bfast fast enough so I was happy cause I was gonna end up finishing earlier than expected but then they kept on the counter as the person calling out the numbers waited for my Mocha Frappe to be made. ?Im fine waiting but then they started to call ten numbers ahead of me with even more complicated orders. Its like they just didnt wanna make my frappe!!!!So I asked for a refund because theyre too retarded to make even simple food and now Im hungry and I wasted my break.In addition Ive gone here for lunch before and their meat and their fries tasted weird. ?Worst McDonalds ever. ?And how hard can it be to follow guidlines from the most successful restaurant chain in the world? How can you mess that up?!?
Got to try the Egg White Delight for breakfast and I love it!Used to wait over  minutes to have them make my Egg McMuffin with egg whites only but now that they offer it on their menu theres no wait!
ASK FOR CONDIMENTS STRAWS AND NAPKINS!!!!On Sunday mornings the drive-thru line is extremely long and the inside looks to be completely packed. If my mom didnt ask to go here for breakfast as we were driving by I would have left. We ordered  breakfast deluxe  coffees and an orange juice through the drive-thru Good thing my moms friend asked for ketchup cause in the bag there wasnt any syrup butter or jelly for them to eat their pancakes with!! I also didnt get a straw for my orange juice. Ohh and there werent any napkins in the bag either... Surprisingly they didnt forget the forks. We were in a hurry and going back to ask for what we expected in our bag would have been a waste of time!
The dumbest people in LAthe world all in one place. ?Enjoy!
Bad bad bad... If I paid for a product that says LARGE I expect to get a Large serving not a large cup with contents for a small size cup...geessshhh! Have some pride in doing your job people!
Worst McDonalds ever. Slow and incompetent workers. They dont even greet you when you arrive at the window. The remodeling of this location cant hide their bad customer service! ?I dont think Ive ever had hot fries from this location. Ever.
I use McDonalds more times and everything be good. But when I use this MC its be worst than ever. Waiting around  min but its not a big problem. Big problem is a bad food ! Never ?come again !!!
The cashier was nice! However the Hazelnut coffee tastes different....in a bad way.
It really doesnt get much worse than this.When walking in I unfortunately saw a young female worker grab the butt of a young male worker as she was walking to her register. ?The guy then said to her If we ever closed this place together... to which she replied We cant do that here!I wish I was making this up...Both of them had to be  or less and did not take their job seriously at all. ?When I finally got my order apparently there was no one helping bag orders for the front as I had to wait for the two love-birds to finish ALL of the orders from the line before they realized nothing was being made -- to which they frantically started trying to put together about  orders I realized as I was driving away that the girl who bagged my order gave me the wrong burgers.Stay away. ?Far far away. ?Like Star Wars galaxy far far away kind of far.Doesnt matter how hungry and in need of quick calories Ill be in the future Id rather not eat than come here again.
Not a bad place. This is a big McDonalds but its really crowded. The cashier I encountered was very nice and even helped make recommendations for what kind of coffee drink to get. Ive only got the fish fillet and the coffeehot chocolate so I have a good impression so far.Good thing is you get internet here! The bathroom and the restaurant are relatively clean.
For how many times we went here they always serve as cold fries...manager Chinese looking maybe Asian or Hispanic got a very mean looking aura does not say good evening nor smile..most of their workers are like her but I think she got the most unapproachable attitude..calling McDonalds Vermont Los Angeles train this lady to be not rude..it irritates me and even lots of my friends who went here for many times...and do not even dare to serve cold fries again to your customer.. Hover and Washington serve better fries than you guysbetter shape up!
The line here is always ridiculously long and slow moving. ?Often when Ive stopped by Id have to leave because the wait was way too long. ?I have to give this place props though for making me discover Jack in the Boxs spicy chicken sandwhich. ?Its just as good as the chicken sandwiches McDonalds offers and Jack in the Box serves you much more quickly.Also this McDonalds has a serious bum problem. ?Theyre either showering in the bathroom or heckling you for money at the drive through. ?The people at this McDonalds dont have the good sense to lock the bathroom like Jack in the Box or to chase the bums away from the drive through.Seriously skip this dump and go to Jack in the Box. ?Its literally a couple blocks away.Tip to management at this McDonalds HIRE MORE PEOPLE to get your customers out in a reasonable amount of time and to deal with your bum problem. ?If you continue to run this place like a soup kitchenhomeless shelter pretty soon the homeless will be the only patrons you have left.
Hobos and flys come in and out of this location. Pretty nasty!
USELESS I SAY... JUST USELESS.. ?why cant yelp have a negative..just for those special places you want to give a negative.. Silvia R. Was just useless in the window. She said we can not use our credit card because it doesnt work. Hello punch the damn number in!!! And a Fn manager was right next to her. WTF! Victor in the nd window is whack also... he forgot our rd bag which had our other  pc and sauces. Why do I go here... arggh I need to change my whack-donalds!!!! People if you want your order wrong and missing items please go to this Whack-donalds...
Longest drive through wait ever. Dont come here if you plan on grabbing a quick breakfast.
This has some of the worst service Ive ever seen in drive thru history. Because I asked for sweet & sour sauce the girl gave me attitude and then asked if I had a problem? When I demanded for the manager I got the run-around...then asked if we wanted to handle it outside.This ghetto ass bitch was really trying to lose her job over some sweet&sour?
So disgusting...they put their fingers in my drink and they got mad at me because I asked for my cup
How hard is it to put an order together. Geesh! Cant even follow a simple request I asked for BBQ sauce and ketchup. Are they that stingy or is the girl just stupid. ?Plus they forgot to include the mcdouble that came with my order. Terrible service.
I HATE this McDonalds. ?Not only is it inconvenient to get into and out of this location because its located on a busy street and the parking lot is not very optimally structured I HATE the french fries here! ?The workers are VERY stingy with filling up their fry boxes and dont open up the fry boxes all the way. ?The containers are still folded up on the bottom so when you open up the container the container is only filled % of the way. ?I also thought the chicken mcnuggets tastes strange here. ?I only go here IF absolutely necessary.
Bad service & no point of getting LARGE if they only fill up half the container -_-
One of the worst places to come and grab a bite to eat in the wee hours of the morning. More than half the time they wont accept any cards and one time they didnt have any food. Inconvenient and annoying.
The lady taking my order didnt speak English..... ?She had to call reinforcements in to take my order correctly. ?That guy only spoke broken english... ?Do they have a green card even? ?Work permit? ?Once again we are hiring those who are illegally here to work and populate our country. ?Im not racist or intolerable but damn learn to speak English if your in an English speaking country... ?Why do I have to accommodate my circumstances for you when you are a guest in my house essentially?I brought my  year old son with to play in the play area. ?I would recommend to any other parent that coincidently brings there child here to keep a very close eye on their kid. ?Adults are freely walking in and out of the door which would obviously spark interest of leaving in a child. ?The parking lot is very busy and Vermont street is even busier. ?Pay very close attention to your children here...
This particular McDonalds was extremely busy- it was about -pm at night & it was super busy wth? I waited inline for at least minutes before I reached the cashier. The service was okay the staff were on their phone & talking amongst each other there was no one out on the floor cleaning the tables or the floor and the floor had a massive spill of soda everwhere! The soda area was disgusting there was no ice in the filler and worst or all the Childrens Play area stunk real bad & there was a homeless guy in there just lounging I felt scared for the childrens safey!!! my gosh he could have been a child predator for all i knew. The bathroom in this McD had  stalls one of which was available and the other two had locks on them which meant you needed a key- REAL GHETTO! Never again would I come to this McD. My fries were old & nasty too.this mCdonald was lucky they got my money cause I was yelping looking for the nearest MCD and it seemed like all the MCD weres packed around this area finally this one seemed like it wasnt all that busy but it was and just plain....dirty...
This is not a convenient location to get to during the day. Theyre pushy about trying their items they ask if you want to try out. I told the person no thanks and she replied with are you sure? i mean they are pretty goodyea im sure. i dont want it.really? cause i love themseriously all i want is an oreo mcflurry. im driving up now.SERIOUSLY? At  am and youre going to annoy somebody who has been drinking all night? I dont think so.
Ordering at a drive-thru is akin to dancing with a partner. ?One person must lead and the other follow. ?Im very skilled at the drive-thru and take pride in not having to repeat my order and in my ability to answer my own questions about the menu. ?My ordering at its best is quick clear and confident. ?And a good cashier leads by example. ?Im writing because I had a great drive thru experience today.Notwithstanding McDs annoying and confusing two-voice system-- the first voice is a pre-recorded promo pitch and the next voice the actual human youll be dealing with--McDs has mastered the drive thru.Would you like to try our new....No.How can I help you todayIll have one small coffee one cream one sugar both inside and that will be all.$. first window thank you.Thank you.Exact change. ?Got it and ghost. ?Piping hot coffee fresh and clean. ?Its possible. Not wack.
 YELP  CHALLENGE - I come here mostly - times a week in the morning to get an iced coffee and they are usually pretty friendly. There is always someone working outside near the drive thru to expedite the process and it definitely helps. The Hispanic woman who gives the food in the mornings is very sweet. She recognizes me now and always asks how im doing. Overall quick and good service here.
This McDonalds is the worst of all. They are so stingy with their sugar and creamer packets. Well they actually wont give you any. So they always do it for you and obviously its never taste like I like it. So tired of this McDonalds. ?I only go if I need to . Lucky there is a - down the street which I would rather go. Comes out cheaper going to McDonalds since I there isnt many homeless there asking for change. ?Since this McDonalds seems like its their favorite hang out and maybe I part of the problem since I sometimes give them $$.... I would only give  Stars to that latina lady with the blondish hair that works graveyard such a sweet lady!
Worst! Even at am fries so hard they break teeth everythings salty and takes forEVER. .... FAHHHLat sodas wtf this one has a special place in worst McDonalds EVER
Very bad... Drive through wait time  mins!!! And Im the first one in line not acceptable.
This might be the worst McDonalds that exists. Make sure you check your order because there is a .% chance its incorrect. Also be careful if youre coming here at night...the neighborhood is super sketch.
So I have been deYelping for a bit.Now that I am back for a bit I will take care of some more turkeys.Bums galore at this McDs bigtime....Sadly this is kind of a go to McDs for me when I am broke and am driving to Downey through the DTLA area.I would give them a three regardless of the bums but I have a horror story for this place.One time they ran out of choc chip cookies and told me they would have some ready in just three minutes - it took nearly ! Dont lie to me!!!! Do you really think I wont notice the difference between three and ten minutes? UGH!!!!
I order a hot chocolat its just warm water with a little bit of chocolat. And the cashier not nice !
Not sure whether to laugh or cry about the weirdo slightly traumatizing experience late night at this drive thru. I felt like I was on the set of Walking Dead but these zombies were a little less predictable. By the time we got to the pay window and waited for our food two slow shady bums started to turn into a swarm. As we waited for our food two turned to four bums walking around our car just staring at us trying to talk to us ?and getting up close to our windows. They wouldnt leave... Then across the street more zombies appeared out of nowhere including zombies on bikes who too stopped to stare. By far the strangest sh*t Ive ever seen. I guess this is what you get for being by skid row for some fries. I lived to tell the tale but I wasnt so sure wtf was going down while I was there. Makes for a funny story but def. not trying my luck or going back there ever again. Calling this a ghetto McDonalds is an understatement. Seriously.. Wtf was that? Go experience it for yourself. If you get out alive atleast the food is pretty damn tasty. Oh and not sure why drive thru was cash only.
Clean inside and out quick and polite service tasty latte. ?I noticed everyone seemed to be getting along and were dressed in clean uniforms. Thats important for fast food.
This is my third review of McDonalds across three different cities. ?Yelp I hope youre paying attention because if this veritable display of fast food prowess isnt enough to grant me Elite status I just dont know what is.Because its McDonalds and everyone knows that McDonalds serves the most amazing flash-frozen food in the world I employ a different rating system where every one I go to starts at  stars. ?I take off stars according to my experiences there.Lets begin for this location stars its McDonalds for chrissake. ?I dont need to justify this. stars I had to knock it down one star because they ran out of cheeseburgers once at like am. ?When they first told me it didnt even register in my brain. ?I ordered two cheeseburgers and the lady replied sorry we dont have cheeseburgers right now. ?All I could say was no just a regular one not a McDouble. ?She had to repeat it again and I was so flabbergasted that I sat silently in the drive-thru window as my world was crashing around me. ?Four hours later I was able to collect my thoughts and order a Filet-O-Fish. stars there is a constant ring of transients that surround this place late at night. ?They come up to you when youre pulling up to the window. ?They dont even ask for food they try and give you money to buy stuff for them because presumably you cant ride a shopping cart into the drive-thru. ?One time I was feeling nice and bought a lady a coffee but then she proceeded to yell at me as I was driving away because I only got her  sugar packets instead of the  million that she requested. ?On the plus side the establishment does a reasonably good job of keeping them out after hours so now I know where to board myself up during a Zombie Apocalypse. stars one time they questioned me when I ordered  nuggets. ?DID I STUTTER? ?Its am on a Saturday night you should be questioning the people who get a  piece. ? is pretty standard these days. ?With two of every sauce including some that dont exist zesty...chipotle...thai peanut butter? ?I dont want to wake up on Sunday morning unless theres half-eaten nuggets under my pillow.
Ridiculously rude staff some of which are truly scary people. ?They have gotten my order wrong  of the  times I have been there. ?They also automatically charge you for a large combo and dont ask what size you want. ?Last time I went I asked to speak to the supervisor and waited for  minutes they never came out. ?I guess I never learn.
Not to madly contradict what others are saying but in fairness the location is in an industrial part of downtown L.A. in the Produce Market area. At night the area is pretty desolate until the early morning hours of around  or  in the morning when the area comes alive. Now I will admit that the proximity to the Greyhound station isnt attracting the typical McDonalds crowd and I expect they sell more Dollar Menu items than they do Happy Meals. And it wouldnt be my first choice ordinarily but the other McDonalds at Olympic and Central was closed due to remodeling on a night I was really craving some fries on the way home. So I put on my bold face the one that says dont ask me S**T! and figured Id tough it out at Alameda and th. It was around pm on a weeknight.When I pulled in I noticed how brightly lit it was. And while there seemed to be a few cars in the drive thru none of them looked like they were waiting for very long. Seeing the same type of buzz inside I decided to go inside and walk up to the counter.When I got inside I can only guess someone there reads Yelp reviews. It was ridiculously clean they seemed to have adequate staff on hand and they moved very efficiently. The counter staff was very friendly the food came fast and was hot.Now naturally this shouldnt be a guarantee for all future visits... but it was a good experience and shows what can be done. As such my star ratings reflect the service and the cleanliness. Because its been there so long I wont ding them for the location or the neighborhood.
I dont usually review fast food restaurants but this was SO bad I just had to do it. It doesnt even deserve this one star.What is up with random people hanging out by the drive thru windows with their thumbs up? Its so unsettling. I know this McDs is like in the middle of ghetto LA but does it have to suck this much?- I ordered  hazelnut iced coffee & nuggets meal with regular iced coffee. How is it humanly possible to mess up the order AND add so much sugar itd spike anyones blood sugar up? It was like the person making the coffee fell asleep while adding sugar! Unacceptable!- Drive thru. Please lady I know you work at McDs but theres no need to throw attitude around like that to a customer. Someone ought to be taught customer service.I rage just thinking about this McDs. Ill just stick to Starbucks and Quiznos near work from now on.
Be am on a SaturdayBe drunk with friends in carPull up to drive throughBig SUV in front not ordering anythingGuy steps out approaches our carOhshit.jpgAsks us if we want to buy a dvd playerUh no thanksGuy goes back into his truck still doesnt order anythingFinally pulls away Intercom guy asks us if we want to try a new pineapple mango smoothieNoGet  mcnuggets  dbl cheese burgers and drinksOhgodwhy.jpg
Walked by tonight on my Neighborhood Watch Walk and there was a lady standing by the drive through speaker asking for $$.Feb.   ?pm
Its. McDonalds. Really? Weird people hang out around the drive thru but so far it hasnt been...weird?......but yeah. I usually go in the morning but this locations in a grittier part of LA. So I can imagine late at night would be....weirder.....But its a McDonalds. So...yeah. A McDonalds. Standard. Did I say it was a McDonalds?
okay this McDonalds ?i have pass by many time but this time ill give it a try drove up to the mic to place my order a homeless guy asking for change i didnt have anywhen i went to the window to paid  gave them the exact change the another homeless guy ask. i didnt have any at all by the time i wen to the window to pick up my food. another homeless guy came from the side running and stanch my food. while in the middle of exchange hands. i was like WTF just happen ??? the lady who gave my food was yelling and @#$ ?also $%&%@!# ?the the homeless guy. but it was nice of them to replace my foodi will not be coming here with all those homeless guy around
Agree with the rest absolutely the worst mcdonalds. ?They were rude and completely got my order wrong. ?-I ordered  egg mcmuffin sandwiches but they charged me the value meal price. ?Even then I didnt get my hash brown or drink.-Ordered a sausage egg mcmuffin value meal and they didnt give me the orange juice I asked for.-Ordered a vanilla latte with  pump of simple syrup. ?They put like  shots. ?Also ordered an iced coffee with  pump of simple syrup. ?Guess what? ?It ended up being a vanilla latte also with like  pumps of syrup.Will never go here again
Dirtiest Mcdonalds i have been too. ?Way too many transients and greyhound visitors. ?Not a fun place this is. ?Drive through takes a LONG time especially late at nite! ?Go to jack in the box or farmer boys for the late nite eats.
Id have to agree with Alan H... This McDonalds is THE HOBO location.Good God I took the drive-thru one time and I was getting horded by hobos left and right. Luckily my windows are up on the other side. Even at the pickup window theyre hording you there trying to get around your car to the driver side window. ~ -_-Is it worth that $ double-cheeseburger? Is it worth the $ McChicken? Maybe maybe not... Youre going to have to experience the Hobo goodness for yourself!
LOL Why am I reviewing a McDonalds? WHY WHYYYY you ask!Let me tell you I dont like McDonalds in fact I have grown to dislike it so much that I dont even like the chicken nuggets--yup I went there. But on a day when I felt like eating at the McDonalds I decided I would eat there...because you gotta try a McDonalds if theres ?a McDonalds right? I always do that with every semi-permanent place I visit.What I found on my first visit and subsequent visits was a newfound appreciation for McDonalds. I mean like I felt like a kid again--you know back when I liked it. This McDonalds made me like McDonalds but ONLY this McDonalds! The workers are really nice and friendly and this McDonalds apparently sets the record for workers who do not speak English. The bathroom is clean and Im glad they make you pay for it--always a winner in my book! I dont know what it is but the food actually tastes good...like food! You dont feel like youre eating crap or trash its amazing! Its good McDonalds the way it was when you were a five year-old. I cant believe it. I cant explain it. I will dream of eating here again.They have a security guard which impressed me. And since they are a -hour I wont lie to you...Ive considered it...and its quite the drive! hahaNow the reviews for this location seem terrible. Hobo-central? Ive seen none so its my guess the management has really upped it because it is also one of the cleanest Ive ever been to. It just looks human. Im almost embarrassed for posting this review but I just had to say it! I had to say it!It is here that I fell in love with the crispy chicken sandwich and the fries...the salty fries  I dont like McDonalds but I LOVE this one.
Bum city ! Slow drive thru  slow employees and dirty restrooms ! The Mcdonalds food is the same as always.
FoodIts a McDonalds. They are all the same food wise right? I mean they have to be. Mac Snack Wrap those clever bastards. Not even good but fun to say out loud when ordering. ?LocationThis one probably used to be all bright eyed and bushy tailed. With a roller backpack full of ideas anxiously waiting to get off the train at Union Station after the long trip from headquarters in Oak Brook IL. Pockets filled with employee schedules and a neatly folded franchise license. Then it got lost. Lost into the heart of a dismaying darkness along a transient corridor known as Alameda. Its employee of the month dreams fading against the howling winds of reality in LA but with its golden arches still standing as a beacon for those hungry.StaffI didnt think McDonalds could possibly produce employees this professionally hardened. No. The staff here have to be contractors. Hired guns. Soldiers of Fortune. Blackwater mercenaries. ?Warriors jaded after years of serving tours in suburbia and south central. They are a high speed low drag group geared up everyday to get our food hot and fast while defending their outpost from the raiding bands of scavengers. ?Send this icy eyed crew into Afghanistan and watch the New York Times and Amnesty Internationals front covers fill with pictures of crying children and burning villages. ?...............................................This is the closest MCDs to my place downtown so eff it. Yes the locals can be annoying as the other reviewers have stated. I am cautious to say that they are harmless because I cannot guarantee that. ?Eating inside was probably one the most colorful experiences and worst mistakes I ever made in my life and Ill leave it at that. ?The drive thru is not so bad. ?At the window the employees will yell at the locals to leave you alone. Which often times they will. Just Never get out of the boat when you crave those delicious corn product filled meat ?patties.
I agree with all the reviews here.. worst mcdonalds ever! ?Its ?not just HOBO central... but as i walked up to the cashier to take my order... I saw a handful of roaches crawling on the front of the counter!!! ick ick ick... im getting goosebumps just thinking about it again!
i actually HATE this location. I only go there because its the closest one to me and on my way to work but Id actually rather go to the bum-infested one on Olympic and th if I could because this one though cleaner and safer-looking messes up some part of my order or experience at least % of the time. It started about  months ago when they started offering to put cream in your coffee for you but they kept putting some weird syrup in my coffee! it was really weird tasting on  different occasions. then another time I placed a big order and they left out THREE items. This last time they were only taking cash because they claimed their cc processor was down but they didnt tell me when I placed my order in the drive-thru only once I got to the payment window and with no apology for any inconvenience. it was just cash only. *shrug.* bastards. i dont recommend this place at all.
McDonalds u suck! This is by far the worst when it comes to customer service. I wont ever come back here..
While the place looks nice and the restrooms are clean the staff sounds very fake. The staff is friendly attentive and fast but when they talk to you while ordering or asking them for help they sound VERY fake and insincere. Instead of coming off cute they should like theyre trying to throw shade.Dont sing my order. Dont ask me personal questions. Say hello in a sincere way Im paying your bills here. Dont make me feel like Im bothering you. FYI the person Im really talking about is the gay Asian guy. I couldnt read his name tag but he seemed to care more about himself and his coworkers than helping me out.
This place is so crowded and disorganized. People that havent ordered yet are standing beside people that have already ordered waiting for pick up. You dont want to cut in front of anybody so figuring out where the line ends is another hassle. I tried to just wait but nobody was taking orders nor leaving with their food.Rather than just continue to stand there like a idiot zombie i turned around and walked back out and went to the Carls Jr across the street. McDonalds used to make me so happy as a child Now as an adult i hate the experience.I was here at this same location a week ago and my french fries were old and cold. One more strike and this location is out Its not like they need my money anyway.
So I was at a Mc.Donalds and I looked down at my Mc Flurry and I noriced that it didnt have enough oreo toppings in it. So I asked the lady if she could add a bit more. She hands it back to me and I see that she just added ice-cream and my cousins mcflurry had a lot f cookies and mine didnt have almost nothing. I went back and explained to her what had happened. Then I turn around and shes back with the manager. Im like Why is he here? We hust left. She sucks as a manager.
Service is good but my mc muffin was shrunk and burnt as heck! I only came here cause I was on the nd floor of this building. Wont be coming back...
One star rating for giving me practically half empty box of fries!!!! It has happened twiced!!! Usually my fries are packed all the way to the top and spilling but when I got it through drive through it was very sad looking. When I held up the box I couldnt even see the fries. BAD.
I dont need to review the food as everyone knows what its like either way depending on their opinion.This location is one of the biggest Ive ever been in and has free wi-fi. However what makes this place special is the vast assortment of fairly crazy people that hole up here. Im hardly unsympathetic to the homeless but if youve been here you know what Im talking about. Try it...its quite an adventure. Def some regulars that set up camp who are just plain off which can make it uncomfortable sometimes. I actually feel a bit sorry for the staff for all the daily crap they must have to endure. Belligerent customers who are mentally ill and have plenty of free time. It must be fairly soul-crushing but most of the workers manage to still be polite.
While waiting for the Consulate of El Salvador to open we came in here to get breakfast. ?It was nicely designed and very clean. ?The girl that was helping the line was friendly and very efficient considering she was the only one taking and fulfilling all the orders.The little breakfast burritos were great...so fresh and tasty...and the hashbrowns were nice and crunchy. ?It was just what we needed to prepare ourselves to stand in the cold for about  minutes. ?Yay Mc Donalds for having such convenient locations...Im Lovin It!!!
how hard is to mess up an order that is just one large coffee with three cremes inside? ask the idiots that work at this mcdonalds!! not once not twice but on three different occassions they couldnt get that right. the first time i got a small coffee instead of the large. the second time i got a large iced coffee with creme and sugar. the third time i got a black iced coffee... yeah... not quite sure what else to say. the third time i was in there the manager and what appeared to be either the owner or someone in a higher level was there. when i got my coffee it was spilling over and the guy behind the register didnt even offer to wipe it off or hand me napkins. he just gave it to me and proceeded to chit chat with his co-workers. i turned around and looked at the manager and said this is how you serve your customers??? he apologized and handed me napkins. wow... yeah... if you expect customer service or YOUR CORRECT order...not matter how small it is dont go here!
Everytime I go in this mcdonalds there is a line. Plus they always have only  person ringing no matter if the line is out the door and because it is an Asian neighborhoodthey clearly allow Asian people to be rude as however they want!!!! Cutting in line and all!!!! I would rather starve than eat here
I am writing a review for McDonalds due to my experience there tonight. ?I usually try my best to avoid this location because of the loiterers. ?They are not like the usual homeless people at other places and I get skeeved by them. ?I cant really describe..maybe escapees from the loony house or zombies? ?Anyway...Of course while waiting in line at the drive-thru I see yet another of these loiterers. ?I started cringing and wished I never came here. ?But when we pulled up to the pick-up window I noticed that there was a security guard! ?He stands right by the door and when this loiterer was sneaking back up to the McD premises he basically busted out his handcuffs. ?The loiterer ran off.Its a sad situation but a relief at a same time to witness tonights McD action.
Bigger the industry lower the quality of a product. Particularly food industry. McDonalds is a champ on this matter. I go to this place for a drink from time to time my boyfriend is hooked on their juice. It is nice but thats about it. They are spending too much on their franchise marketing and packaging. Food should look more natural than trying to make it look like on a picture..plastic silicone and who knows what. Ice creams are also OK. But I wouldnt go further than that.Also I feel sorry for employees.
The only thing Im going to write about it is the location itself and the service. ?This location is great if you work nearby so you dont have to park behind the building and there is a lot of seating. However it is always crowded and some of the people who are there seem a little suspect. ?The workers quite efficient I imagine that with the sort of crowds they get they are pretty fast at getting your food out pretty quickly. Just order and theyll take your name down and then youll get your food within  minutes. ?Due to the myriad type of characters that are inside I tend to just pick up my food and head back to eat in my office.
I go here frequently during lunch. But why is it that they never have any apple pies ready?? They always ask that you wait - minutes for them.
The only thing that saved this fast food restaurant from receiving two stars from me is their table availability and size.Environment ? This McDonalds has a big table for a group of  people if I remember it correctly. The BIG letdown is the store policy of ?no refills on drinks allowed and loitering is not allowed - only maximum of  minutes.Food ? The quality in terms of newly cooked is dependent on the time of visit. I visit in the mornings so their regular all-day menu is not sitting in the heating trayscabinets.CrewServers ?Same as other McDonalds.
Horrible service and they got my order wrong
I love junk food I know is not good for you but its the best. They have the best BBQ sauce ever. I just hate it when they charge you for extra BBQ. The dollar chicken sandwich is really good.
Greasy but feels you up. Thought about supersizing but remembered the movie about it. The new gourmet coffee is actually quite good.
Its  pm and let me just say from shopping all day and getting attitude all day from rude over worked associates it was nice to hear and see these McDonalds associates in such a good mood. The girl that took our order in the drive thru was very nice and polite  great energy and very upbeat personality absolutely loved her I didnt get her name but she definitely made my drive through visit very pleasant. The other girls that gave us our order her name was Jessica she was also very nice. Its ppl like these young ladies that make service worth the wait. Great job girls !
Its McDonalds fast and cheap but mycdonalds has a certain taste that makes you go back this McDonalds does not have have that taste this McDonalds ?taste is disgusting from the fries to big Mac to the chicken nuggets to the shake everything here is grosser that gross do not come you will puke
OMG. Busiest McDonalds ever. I dont think anything special was going on so uggghhhh.I had just finished moving all of my stuff from a U-haul down the street and was so tired and hot and all I wanted was a McFlurry and a burger. I think that was too much to handle. The McFlurry came out quickly. The burger? Not so much.Their weird coffee machine was busted I dont understand why people want to eat those sugar drinks and it was making this huge line. They also had about  people behind the counter and  of them trying to fix the machine. I lie but you get the idea. So I waited and waited and waited and waited for the burger like  minutes. I hate to say stuff and I could tell they were backed up so I kept thinking it was just getting there other people were waiting a while too. I finally did say something and OH WADDYA KNOW. My burger was just sitting there at the end of the line.These two middle school boys had been waiting on something since before I had got there. I told them just to push up to the front and show them their receipt. They did and walked out minutes later.OH. And the place is on a east-west axis with no shade. It was HOT in there.
They always get my order wrong when I come I order a snack wrap with NO CHEESE add pickles. I got it WITH CHEESE and no freaking lettuce on my snack wrap?! Ugh. But I never go and complain.  whatevers. I blame kitchen people. Get it together.
Like the other reviewer Zee R. I live near by and was going frequently since March  for morning breakfast and Ive had this same problem! Missing hash brown missing chocolate chip cookies missing one of my rounded egg in deluxe breakfast! ?Its a hassle to drive back up to get my complete meal by the time I get home everything is cold! ?Sheesh!
This location is hit or miss its usually ok. But  occasions made me not want to come back. The first was when the McWrap came out I ordered a grilled chicken and bacon mcwrap with no garlic sauce. When I got it it had sauce. No big deal I walked back up explained what happened and asked if I could have another without sauce. I didnt ask to replace mine as I decided to give that one to a friend and I just ordered a new one. A couple minutes later I got it without sauce but they also left out the bacon! So I had to go back to the counter they gave me some bacon to put in but how hard is it to make these things? My second experience that id rather forget was when I ordered a grilled chicken chipotle snack wrap. Snack wraps are small as it is but this one seemed to be folded in half of what is the normal size. I went and asked why it was so small and the guy got a manager who told me the chicken is weighed and it was fine. I have never had a snack wrap like that before or since. I wouldnt care if they had replaced it or gave me more chicken but the fact that they stood behind it is why ill never go back there unless I absolutely have to. I pretty much ate it with one bite
every time i came here i always have an item missing ..its bull...if im not missing something i always get the wrong food please get ur **** right
. Its a Mcdonalds.. Its Harlem. Its Harlem. Did I mention its Harlem?I personally do not like Harlem and this is because Harlem is too overcrowded and there are some people there with very nasty attitudes. That you cant even look at them without someone feeling some type of way. I avoid Harlem at any costs that I can. But I had to go to Mcdonalds being said that this was the closest. First off the female there was out of it I dont think she knew where she was and they got all my order wrong. They put some really really nasty sauce spicy buffalo on my Mcchicken. Who puts that crap on a Mcchicken who in theyre right mind would do some crazy thing like that? That was the most horrible Mcchicken Ive ever tasted in my entire life. People beware.
Awful service super slow. ?Just wanted a mcflurry and it took over ten minutes with only two people ahead of me in line. ?Doesnt seem clean.
Would you like roaches with that?
More expensive prices than in wealthier areas of Manhattan. Long lines. Slow service in general. Oh and I watched TWO PEOPLE GET STABBED HERE TODAY. Yes Im serious.
Do You want a close-ghetto experience?! Welcome to McSuck!
This place makes half size McWraps for full price see picture. You can complain to manager and get it fixed but I dont think there should be need to involve a manager every time I buy a McWrap I should get what I pay for.
I wish I could give this negative  stars. I understand going around closing time really isnt a great idea but this was the worst drive-thru service Ive ever experienced and the owner of this restaurant should seriously consider training their staff to be courteous to the last customer. DO NOT eat here.
This is the worst mcdonalds in the area. ?The food is always stale. ?Do yourself a favor and go to the one in Garwood. ?They serve fresh food at that location.
This is the worst McDonalds Ive ever had. Ive gone twice since moving to the area and the fries were always soggy the first time they were borderline uncooked and the burgers were always poorly made and greasy. Please avoid this McDonnalds. It blows.
I know rating a McDonalds... ?As far as the food goes no problems. ?Service here is beyond bad. ?I only stop here when Im really hungry. ?Plenty of parking. ?People inside can be sketchy especially at night but thats how it goes at the golden arches on McCarter Highway.
How hard could it possibly be to make an Egg McMuffin and not forget to include the EGG?! No joke I got a sausage egg & cheese McMuffin with no egg in it this morning. Not only that but my English muffin was burned!!! Ridiculous.
*Once you get past the shady pple and bums hanging around the entrance its unusually a breeze to order because theres nobody on line.*Bathroom lines are a different story.*Sausage Egg and Cheese McMuffin never fails me.*if youre already here for breakfast Hash Browns are a must.*this is probably not the place to be to sit and admire your surroundings. Order everything to go.
Well let me say. As for customer service. This is ranked the LOWEST OF THE LOW. LINES ARE LONG and the cashier is very rude. Lol. Cant even have a proper greeting. SMH. As for seating its okay. But once agin not coming back here. Also one lady had the nerve to wipe while I was enjoying my ice coffee. Which is the only thing I enjoyed.
I am at the store right now and they do not have the items as displayed online. The asian worker will not specify what food they had available.NO bacon and cheddar wtf. Is annoying not like what is detailed online of ingredients in a Bacon Cheddar Ranch McChicken.
Staff is mentally challenged. Cashier had a line of  people waiting to order and instead chose to spend  minutes sorting through and organizing Happy Meal toys
Overall subpar service but seating is descent during the daytime. At night time seating is a disaster as the only open the ground floor. Theres almost nowhere to sit as those seat are occupied by homeless people or people who are not eating or drinking anything. Usually more sanitary than most other McDonalds but dont usually eat there that often though I would order coffee.
So McDonalds is currently promoting a $. for  big mac meals plus a  piece nuggets. Sounds like a great deal so I stepped in to purchase said meal for my family of young and old.This place is always crowded of all people other than customers who use this place as a porta potty. Not a problem since I would never sit down and eat here anyway. However the customer service is pretty darn poor and my  star is based solely on that I have no expectations for McDonalds foods.They do not have enough staff. There was exactly one person working in the kitchen making burgers one person working sodafriesice creams who I assumed to be the manager and one person working the cashier. Now I understand that theyre working minimum wage but that does not excuse them to work so poorly. I had to repeat my order four times and it took  minutes to be completed. Why? Because the cashier was VERY distracted from conversing with friends and coworkers. I would give zero stars but  star is for the manager who seemed to be the only one who was trying to fulfill the customers orders.I havent been to a McDonalds in years and this experience will serve as a reminder to me of why I should continue not to do so.
I always wanted to review this place because its my go-to Mcdonalds. Its very close to where I work and whenever i needed a quick meal on the go and eat it on the way back to the office I go here. For months this place was understaff and run pretty poorly. Long waits on non-peak hours were common. Rather frustrating waiting  minutes for a chicken warp. I could swear that some days there only one person working the cashier and another in the kitchen. Thats it. Now I think they got a new manager or kids are having their summer vacation so they are better staffed and run more efficiently. ?Typical Mcdonalds stuff with ample seating and a surprising non-vomit inducing bathroom.. stars.
This is probably the worst McDonalds of any McDonalds of all time. Its pretty much the Greyhound bus terminal of McDonalds. You go in and there are a bunch of old people just sitting around sleeping at the tables. A bunch of men were lined up to use the bathroom. Mind you none of these people had any McDonalds food or were waiting to buy any. The food tasted old and disgusting obviously because no one goes to this McDonalds to eat. This location seems like a serious health code violation. I would never eat here again
I come here for the free Wi-Fi.There is Chinese motif for the decor. Never really had a problem with the food. Its the same as any other McDonald. They let you use the bathrooms here and it was decent last  times I used it. It was not the dirtiest bathroom I been to. Not the cleanest not the dirtiest. Its a small McDonalds. Not the tiniest but it definitely doesnt seat many people.
Just a typical McDonalds with an Chinese inspired exterior. Okay service tastey food thats bad for your health.
Went there for a quick coffee run and as I was waiting to order I saw a roach on the counter....Also one person working the register during rush hour at a very busy location that shows you how cheap of a business they are. They are a terrible corporation.
i echo a lot of these reviews. ?the beauty of franchises is consistency. ?this store somehow missed the memo on that. ?i wont even talk about the poor service. ?ill just focus on my sad looking big mac that looked like it was assembled by gorillas...lettuce onions and sauce dumped on a soggy broken bun. ?every once in a blue moon i crave a big mac and on special occasions i will entertain my cravings. ?after i took my first bite i calmly laid down the soggy mess and smiled. ?because i knew i wouldnt be craving a big mac anytime soon.
I stopped by here in a hurry to get a quick bite and wanted something healthy ... knowing fast food is anything but that and having not eaten it in years I was hesitant. ?SO surprised at how friendly the cashier was to help me choose a grilled chicken wrap that was DELICIOUS. ?On top of that it was clean a tall order in this neighborhood and energetic. ?Thanks!
I bought some coffee here and I asked for milk and they said didnt have milk for coffee. So then I asked if they had milk for happy meals and they said Yes they did....They cant even use the happy meal milk for coffee?!? Forced me to ?buy happy meal milk....
worst McDonalds ever! & ive been to my share of McDonalds. where do i begin bad service I dont have  arms bad manager berated chinese employee in front of me doesnt use McDonalds merchandise was given a unwrapped bend-y straw with my coffee non-MacDonalds sauce. Worst!
Found a booth at the front but an old man with a cane comes in and ends up stealing our seats because some McDonalds employees were taking up the booth right next to it and wouldnt give up their seats for him. That looks real bad.The girl behind the counter was friendly but my food took a little while longer than youd expect. And when I asked for ketchup she said its in my bag but when I got to my seat it clearly wasnt. Then when I went back to ask again for ketchup she only gave me  packets. Not a big deal to me because thats how much I was going to use but still a bit stingy eh?Food was fine typical McDonalds.  stars because despite some Mickey Ds employee blunders the food was still ok.
Nothing Special besides the decor of chinese culture here. The wait is horrendous during lunch time -pm. I usually go around pm+. They will usually not honor coupons that are completely free. For example Free Coffee without any OTHER purchase. They will just say we dont have coffee or they will post a poster in English and sometimes chinese that they will not honor these coupons. There are people that sleep in McDonalds very often that are bums or people waiting for the buses for the Casinos. I am usually here to leave my workplace to release some stress. I do not know why some people posted pictures of OTHER foods for this McDonalds... The Cashiers and Workers are meanest around rush hour time so yeah. The Wifi is SLOW.... as hell They have a special with  Big Macs or Fish Filet for $. Bathrooms are OUT OF ORDER almost % of the time.
I didnt think it was possible to have a bad experience at a McDonalds. But it is.The service was extremely slow  minutes in line. All I ordered was a small Diet Coke and a small Fry. It took  minutes for them to pour my drink and put fries into the fry sleeve. Not only was it slow but all of my fries were burnt and the Diet Coke was flat. I threw out both items within a block of leaving the restaurant. All in all it is  minutes of my life I will never get back.Poorly managed group of people.
my last visit last month was the worse experience in my entire life. all the staff were nasty disrespectful and unprofessional. i thought the employees who works at mcdonalds are happy with a smiley face. none of the staff at place were. one of the staff was totally being impatient on a customers needs & i overheard things being said were carried inappropriate language. there were kids in the restaurant. how could an employee acting like that. my worse part when i was waiting for my medium coke for almost  mins which i did not understand why it takes so long for a drink order. i was very thirsty. the staff could say something like thanks for being patient with your order in order to calm me down. unfortunately the staff handed over the coke to me & said some not so nice things. additionally i overheard she called me the b-word after she walked away from me. i seriously wanted to confront her for being unprofessional. i will tell all the people not to visit that mcdonalds ever because there are unfriendly & happy staff. despite i wrote a complaint email to mcdonalds & received some vouchers for sort of apology of my visit. i truly think that it wont help much unless they change the whole management of this entire mcdonalds.
Youre not in Kansas anymore youre in Chinatown . . . so why are you even thinking of eating in McDonalds? Take a picture of the pagoda-like facade and keep on moving.
ew. this place is so dirty and nasty. ?homeless people in the bathrooms both upstairs and first floor. ?gross. ?only good thing is the free wifi but id rather not hang out here. ever. ?its called your phone if its urgent. ?only rush in if you have explosive diarrhea and theres no other asian place that lets you use their bathroom.
FILTHY BATHROOMS RUDE WORKERS I was told to use the restroom on the second floor when I went up stairs a woman mopping the floor American who had her thug boyfriend sitting there yelled get up you aint sittin up here I wasnt sitting and I replied Im waiting for the restroom and she responds Dont be sittin up here at that point I just ignored her. Upon entering the restroom puddles of urine all over the floor feces graffiti on the wall I finally respond Try a little harder to clean the restroom of course she started cursing and yelling. These are the type of people McDonalds franchises hire the lowest of the low. Im sure plenty of college kids could do those jobs but they hire the lowest of the low. Sad.
I had time to kill before meeting up with my dinner party the other night so I decided to get a nice cup of tea and chill. ?Not being the Village there werent tons of cafes around this block so I went to McDonalds. ?The cashier was the only one on duty at pm on a weeknight and as he tried to do his job his manager spent the entire time I was there about twenty minutes berating him for not doing his job correctly.When I got my cup of tea I took it to my table looked inside and saw...no teabag. ?I went back to get the teabag and then sat back down at a gross table that had soda spilled on it. ?Thing is the soda had *dried* and made the table top quite sticky. ?As I waited for my tea to cool a guy decided to throw himself into his seat rocking the table and sending half the tea into my lap. ?Oh joy.Now I know McDs isnt responsible for this guy being an idiot but the table was pretty big and for it to be that unstable that a guy jumping into a booth would rock it so badly is just sad.I left utterly disgusted with this place. ?Its a shame because the interior was decorated very nicely including a nice wood frame that resembles a house inside but now has scratches all over it most looking like deliberate graffiti. ?Between that and the condition the table I sat at was in I hope to never return to this place.
never go there ever again=== order the food around pm. asked for refund at pm. for some reason there are so little custumers. guess that ?less than  custumers i had to wait more than  min for the food.i order a meal with a drink $.i was complainting and i ask the cashier saying  you know what i do not want the meal please refund.there is a hispanic female manager no name tag who show up and she is kinda piss  stare at me and she ask me to wait. i refuse and she told cashier give him $ back.my first reaction was what!!!!!!!you try to scam megeez ?what have i done to deserve all of these if you are busy i totally understand but less than  customers. r u kidding me.what is funny. after the she hand over money to me and the food was ready she keep ask me do i want it. ?hell no i do not want it. you can eat it yourself.====never again worst mcdonalds ever====should change that manager. not all people qualify as manager. esp not ?amateurif i were her first apologize . then offer refund or ask them to wait  more minute. try to slove problem not staring and pissing at the customer.remember customer will go to yelp and other rating website write a trash about you like i just did now
This particular McDonalds happens to be open really late and really early. Im not positive if its a -hour one and I dont think it is. In any event Ive been here several times usually after a hard night of partying. It has a bathroom you can use is kind of nice inside for a McDonalds and you can use a credit card in case youre out of dead presidents.I had breakfast here once with a staffer. During our conversation I was told that this McDonalds used to be a crematorium and was HAUNTED. Of all the damnedest things that I could hear I was not expecting that. It was also mentioned that the staff doesnt go into the basement ? storage area or if they do they go in pairs.Haunted or not I still come here for my late night McGriddle fix. Where else can you get sinfully unhealthy food for bargain prices? Why Chinatown - where this McDonalds happens to be.UPDATE Obviously I dont just go to McDonalds after a late night in NYC... theres always diners Koreatown and various Chinese restaurants that are open late...
Typical Mc Donalds Its a pit spot for a lot of people who travel so in the mornings youre bound to see a lot of tourists or people heading out to outer state. The staff on a Sunday morning are really nice. Ive noticed they dont have the condiments stand anywhere near here so if you needed ketchup or anything of that sort youd have to ask them. Its an okay McDonalds with a bit of an Asian decor to fit into the Chinatown area.
I dont go to fast food joints often but the people around me do.This place is the absolute worst they treat every customer like crap.I dont expect much with food when its from a fast food chain but this place serves cold food. I picked up a fish sandwich for my mother what I got was a sandwich that wasnt even close to being warm. I once bought a ice cream for my nephew seeing how he will probably make a mess I asked for a napkin only to be rejected. I cant even have a napkin for my little nephews ice cream?I dont want to further elaborate on how bad the service is the staff here gives all the customers an attitude. And the decor on the outside a temple? Really? Because its Chinatown?? Do they design McDonalds to look like mosques? Churches? Or whatever ethnic structure? This place is a lousy and disgusting eyesore nuff said. If you want some McDs in the local area go to the one on Canal st. Its a longer walk but at least they dont treat like crap. Sadly the lowest I can ever grant a review is  star if I could they would get  of a star.
Yes McDonalds is bad for you. ?Yes McDonalds can make kids obese if it comprises the majority of their diet. ?Yes McDonalds is high in fat high in cholesterol and high in sodium. ?However most of us have a little person inside of us that on occasion has a hankering for McDs.This particular McDs is actually really clean. ?Thats surprising being that it is in Chinatown and Ctown isnt really known for its cleanliness. ?This one was actually shown on one of those  or Dateline shows as being on the top of the ratings in terms of cleanliness and whatnot. ?Makes ya feel a little bit less guilty for eating at McDs.On Sundays the lines can be long as little kids are screaming that they want a Happy Meal but when the craving hits its well worth it. ?My favorite thing about this McDs is the  for $s. ?I love the apple pies and the ice cream sundaes because I can treat a cousin to dessert for $.!The best part about this McDs is that they have hashbrowns  for $! ?They dont have this everywhere. ?Because its so much cheaper than other establishments a friend recently made hashbrown birthday cakes for my cousin and me see picture!. ?Now THATs a birthday cake!
 update - This McDonalds just keeps getting worse and worse. ?Its right in proximity to where the buses leave for the casinos so there are a lot of people hanging inside waiting for the bus. ?And is there no management for this store????? I was just in yesterday and the only cashier was an extremely rude and sloppy girl. ?Additionally this store does not honor any coupons. ?One thing remains the same their fries are still one of the worst of all McDonalds in the city. ?If youre craving McDonalds in Chinatown go to the one on Canal Street. Tastes much better.
Okay a LOT of Mcdonalds in New York are gross and this is no exception. Last time I recall being in here was when I was desperate for a McFlurry. The girl mumbled back nearly incoherently that theyd run out of whatever it was that they make McFlurrys with. Ugh!
This is the worst Mcdonalds ever. Dont ever go to this one. Horrible service with one cashier and like two people making food in the back. The manager is often yelling at workers AND at customers. Super cheap with ketchup.. sauce etc. If you want Micky Ds walk a few blocks to the canal street one
got to be one of the two worse mcdonalds ever! they treat their customers like crap they treat their staff like crap and it shows in what they serve!fries are always crappy food is super specatulary crappy. gave it a chance but failed me everytime since then i have moved over to the canal st mcdonalds if i crave some mcD
McDonalds on Bowery has an oriental design. ?And thats why tourists are always snapping pictures of it. ?Which is the stupidest thing ever. ?Its a bloody McDonalds! ?It gets me SOOOO MAD...especially when theyre blocking the street. ?The seats inside are old. ?Food tastes the same. ?Service could be better. ?Service could be a helluva lot better.
This place is pretty grimy. ?It attracts a strange set of characters- particularly at night. ?Oh yknow and theres the occasional news item about someone being accosted there with a razor blade there.Still its  hours and centrally located to the West th subway. ?And if you go for breakfast youre likely to be the arrival of the really interesting folks who materialize after dark.
Worst McDonalds Ive ever been to. The dining room is clean and the food is McDonalds standard but the staff is incompetent.I walked up to the counter the two cashiers were talking to each other about daycare something. Another customer was waiting until they finished. I ordered hotcakes for here. The cashier crumpled up my recipe and threw it away. Not that I wanted it this time but would have been nice to been asked. Never any eye contact.my hot cakes came to go. With  packets of ketchup and grape jelly. Do not come to this McDonalds until they change their staff.
I like this McDonalds location well not really. I just go when I am near the bars along here and just go here with someone. I remember one time a girl I was with in the  Sheets Saloon bar was just dying for a McDonalds kids meal and I said okay here you go. ?She really got so excited like she was a kid to get whatever $. value toy they put in there. ?Sometimes they do have deals like one Big Mac and a medium fries for only $. ?It is more expensive if you order separately.
Went for the restroom and was disappointed by the quality and service.They charged me for Mac sauce on my burger. There was no sauce on my burger.
Beware!This McDonalds is a constant source of trouble. ?There have been several high profile assaults inside and directly in front of this place. ?Steer clear! Especially on weekend nights!
Located on the border of the West and Greenwich village this McDonalds restaurant which according to wikipedia is a part of the worlds largest chain of hamburger fast food restaurants is in a prime location.While the decor is a little dated it reflects the some of the architecture and older buildings in the village. ?There is also a great hanging mural of basketball players located above the register and can be better viewed while dining on the second floor of the establishment the art most likely drew inspiration from the West th street courts located across from the restaurant paying homage to the locals.Instead of order from a waiter you order individually through the designated cash registers while this may seem like more work it does save you some extra cash and also lets you customize your order directly without having to go through another person. ?The menu itself has its staples The Big Mac  Filet-O-Fish McNuggets and of course the french fries which are all bargains for the amount of food you receive when compared to other restaurants. ?There is also an ever changing rotation of new sandwich wraps salads and other specialty items all of which have the same McDonalds quality.This past visit I ordered a McDouble a large french fires and a  piece McNuggets. ?The food was ready for me in under five minutes a time almost unheard of at other restaurants. I took a seat at the upstairs section and started with the McDouble. The McDouble included two cooked beef patties cheese pickles ketchup and chopped onions very satisfying for under  dollars. ?I then switched between the hot crispy french fries and the McNuggets small deep fried pieces of chicken which I dipped in ketchup and their very tasty honey mustard sauce. ?All in all I was very full and content with my meal all of which cost me under $ at any other local restaurant just a burger and fries would have run me more than $ and most likely closer to $.Although the food may not be on par quality wise with other nearby eateries Minetta Tavern  Acres and Market Table essentially you are getting a full meal at nearly half the price and a quarter of the time. I would highly recommend this McDonalds and look forward to visiting their other locations.
Close this shithole down. You know that theres always a morning rush and theyre constantly understaffed. The actually staff thats there move like sloths even when the line is at the door. I stood at the back of the line this morning watching one of two cashiers watch the milk drip from the machine instead of taking the next order. It shouldnt take  minutes to complete a transaction at the register for a McDonalds breakfast.Whats more all I wanted was an iced coffee. They didnt have any which would have been nice to know but failed to inform me that so they just gave me a hot coffee - skim no sugar...  minutes after I ordered because they also ran out of hot coffee. It basically took almost  minutes for me to get a coffee at McDonalds at am on a weekday. If your restaurant and your incompetent staff cant handle serving coffee then just give up.
I came here when it was about  degrees outside. ?I waited in line for quite a while. ?When I finally got to the register to order ice cream I was told that there was no ice cream. ?Waste of time.
Who came to yelp because of the bad service? Looks like most of us!This location probably has the worst service in the entire nation ...maybe the world? The staff look fairly young -teenagers and with no manager supervising in the store late night. The cashier refuses to speak and just looks at you with the most miserable expression on her face. The customers ahead of me had been waiting on their fries for a long time and were getting impatient and angry. One of them got so angry with the useless staff on handwho were not taking any responsibility and were instead chuckling at the customers valid and reasonable complaint -that he flipped over the cash register. lol. I liked the fact that the customer never cussed once at them though. He was just yelling reasonable things at them like Why dont you do your job? And if you hate your job so much go to college so you can get a better job. Thats excellent advice.If you want to witness the most depressed people on a job -go to this Mickey Ds. Most likely the manager is to blame for this kind of ridiculousness. Those inept teenagers were annoying -but really its the manager who needs to get fired for not training them properly.
IF ITS EVEN POSSIBLE NEGATIVE FIVE STARS!. Never get your order right extra pickles doesnt mean NO PICKLES!. So nasty and dirty you dont wanna touch a thing! And I mean A THING!. Extremely RUDE female manager and most of the staff. . HARD COLD OLD FRENCH FRIES EVERY TIME. . Extra for  bbq sauce??? Seriously? Does your dad own this Mcdonalds?. Why do they never apply the dollar menu deals that I always see on T.V? Highway robbery I tell you.
McDonalds is what McDonalds is and normally I wouldnt bother to review a chain that most of us have eaten at once or twice or a hundred times that has quick mediocre food but my experience here was noteworthy.I came here with a friend just before  pm after getting cookies from a nearby business which closes at . ?We got some hot chocolate which I thought would be safe and sat with our cookies.There is a  minute seating limit which we exceeded by several hours as we were catching up ?and as the night wore on people were mostly coming in wasted and trying to convince the security guard to let them into the bathroom which is closed from  am - am... truly as the sign says NO EXCEPTIONS. The restaurant was dirty there were a few moments where I felt a little unsafe as drunk kids fought with their friends in line and to top it off it took like  minutes to get our hot chocolates there was an issue with their machine and while drinking mine I came across a gob of congealed milk the texture of which can only be compared to phlegm. ?If you must have McDonalds do not go to this one not to sit for a few hours not to pee and for the love of God not to eat.
When I bookmarked this place to remember to write a review I wrote Drunken Bad Decisions.Dont look at me like that. This McDonalds is surrounded by Greenwich Village bars & open at all hours of the night. Its even situated between the bars & the subway. If youve stumbled past this place at am without stopping in for nuggets youre lying or a vegetarian.Whenever I eat here the food tastes like little nuggets of filet mignon & ambrosia disguised as French fries. But my logical sober mind tells me that its just another McDonalds in what may be the most ideal location. And for that you get three stars. One of those stars is for the poor employees who must struggle nightly to translate drunken slurs into value meals.
I mean hey. Its a franchise. What are you expecting?The extra star this time because the person helping me was extremely sweet and kind.
Wow... I have not seen so many signs in a McDonalds saying not to do things.
I come here every morning to get my coffee. ?Occasionally Ill order a specialty McCafe drink such as a pumpkin spiced latte. ?Only one person that works there in the mornings can seem to get my orders correct. ?Ive asked for large drinks been charged for them and then handed mediums. ?I have had un-mixed lattes where the syrup is all on the bottom. ?Today my latte seems to have extra syrup in it. ?I order non-fat milk in my coffee and Im pretty sure its come back with cream in it. ?No one can seem to get it right and it is very frustrating. ?Im just ordering coffee here.
You live in Manhattan and you want to eat this crap?I had my Im Gonna Get You Sucka and got  rib. ?McRib that is.On first bite it was good. ?Then came the after taste. ?Then came the need to finish it fast.Then came the pain. ?Gross.Fast food franchises in New York tend to have seedier patrons than the burbs. ?If Im going to succumb to fast food again I might as well go all in and hit White Castle.
Bad service rude employee ! I will never go to this Mc Donald !
Filthy store. ?Attitude-ridden employees. ?Always out of whatever you order. ?Cant get your order correct without having to repeat it about twenty times.The most enjoyable thing Ive experience here was watching a cockroach and an ant race toward the wood paneling as I waited for a friend to repeat her order for the th time.Yeah. ?Couldnt be drunk enough to try this location again.
On my recent trip to the east coast I just had to stop by to check outhow the east coast franchise operate? Does it taste the same as the west coast? Im i loving it? Do you get a magical spark when consuming that high cholesterol ? Yes &no! Food is ok but great because its open hrs. Taste is mediocre quite odd flavor but I think the associates need to be more friendly they are so dull notbeing happy to be there.Overall the venue was not Ideal And would spend my money elsewhere in town. Plus I hear the associates here beat down their clients...loving it beat down!
Guilty as charged. Man when its late and Im taking the D train home...do you really need a review of McDonalds? Lines are fairly quick and the food is poison but appealing poison. Right?
The most idiotic staff I have seen yet. I had a very simple order one double cheeseburger one fish sandwich one order medium fries one large coke. They managed to screw it up four times. Last time was by the manager. I swear these guys must wake up in the morning and choose the dumbest person to work the cash register.
EX-CON EMPLOYEE BEATS CUSTOMER INTO COMA WITH LEAD PIPEneed I say more? google it. Oh ok yes its packed with the lowest forms of life in the gene pool late night.
Service Dumb as they get. Dont bother asking for refills or extra anything.Atmosphere Often Ghetto and trashy but harmless.Cleanliness Ive seen worse.Big Mac Slapped together falling apart dinky but always delicious.Notes Can someone get this kid a happy meal!? Yes its that mcds.
This branch should be boycotted until it apologizes to its former employee Rayon McIntosh for throwing him under the bus after he was assaulted while working and forced to defend himself against two trespasser.Shame on you.
Wow I cant believe Im actually reviewing a McDonalds.We came here on NYE hoping to grab a quick bite to tide us over before our fanciful dinner elsewhere. It was quick! They fill your drinks behind the counter which was a little confusing at first because weve never been to one that did that.The bathroom line however looked like it would take forever. There was somebody in the back of the line when we came in and by the time we were done eating he was only about halfway closer. Yikes!Come here to eat but if you have to pee youd be better off going elsewhere.
I went in for a Frappe today. The actual manager waited on me. He said that the large Frap I wanted had no coffee just ice and presumably the ancillary whipped cream and chocolate syrup. Confused I walked out. Later I saw on the website that it had major caffeine. So what gives? I call customer service. Technically the man was correct! Theres coffee EXTRACT no actual coffee in the thing. I mean...really. I wanted Frap I got rap. Why split hairs and philosophize with semantic nonsense? Im not looking for a pure literal meaning. I just want + mg of caffeine which that provides. That man wouldnt make much of a salesman. Good thing hes in management. Ill be back guy. Lesson learned.
I did not eat here I did not dine here I did not pay any money nor did I stay for very long. ?But I did pee here without making a purchase. ?Thus this McDonalds joins the list of places where someone can pee without making a purchase. ?My search for more venues such as this continues.
Simply the worst McDonalds ive ever been to. Staff is rude the place gets crowded and the food sucks.
is it possible? for years the most reviled of the reviled the poster child for all thats bad in the world. and yet...my friend was sick. she wanted fries. ok i can get fries. er do i have to actually go inside... over the years ive seen hordes of lowlife in the rd street franchise. the street eats there. ok i can do this. wait theres no one in here. just me and a bunch of servers. and im so hungry. well time for science experiment number  the state of mcD in . ?what looks the least harmful? the picture signs are so confusing. what language is this? this quarter pounder seems to resemble a normal hamburger. ill try that. no stuff on it just cheese. ok. now RUN!!!waiting for the train starving gotta do the quarterpounder. right here on the platform. seems fitting. here goes...DAMN THATS GOOD. NO IMPOSSIBLE. YES GOOD! WAIT FOR THE AFTERTASTE...NO AFTERTASTE! WHAT IS HAPPENING? THIS IS GOOD! the world turns upside down.next day try again at another branch. same thing. GOOD. IMPOSSIBLE. YES GOOD.my friend says maybe its the trans fat deal. the good oil tastes better. maybe so. have to test this new theory.lets go to another state. onward to new jersey. mcdonalds on route . okeedokee. here goes. quarterpounder. UGH. YUCK. SOUR. so i guess we have our public health mayor to thank for quarterpounders that taste good. only in new york city. which is just fine by me.
Their bathroom is right at the front and they serve McDonalds. Mayra you are the bomb for buzzing me into the bathroom.
Came here around nine am for breakfast...theres allot of people in this particular Mc Donalds...probably cause it located in the city... Place opens  hours... The lines are all over the place... Your not even sure where you are suppose to be standing... But finally that ten min of waiting I finally got to order...got a plan ice cream sundae with peanuts two apples pies and sweet ice tea... The seating area is upstairs... Theres a lot of seatings...so dont worry if there is no seats...theres two cleaning ladies upstairs...always tying to keep the place spotless... The bathroom is quite disgusting...theres two toilet in each restrooms...theres no door stall...so pretty much everybody can see your business... The area is extremely cramped... You can bearly ?move... The sink doesnt work right...
This is a pretty standard McDonalds. I can only really vouch for their breakfast food because that is the only time I go there. Its basic McDonalds. ?Ive seen cleaner places and more friendly staff but so it goes. This is an average McDonalds near midtown.
McDontDoIt!!!!!WTF!!! ?No way is corporate paying attention to what is going on at this location. ? p.m. Sunday night everything for two blocks is closed so I try this Mc Donalds. ?Three people in line full staff working the kitchen. ? minutes later I reach the counter to listen to the biggest drama queen bending his managers ear about his boyfriend and getting wasted last night. ?Food took another  minutes to come out st century soda dispenser was out of just about everything. ?I am a convert I will never again eat McDs. ?Ill starve better for the gray hairs.
Why am I reviewing a McDonalds? Valid question. One because I am procrastinating on the things I actually have to do. And two because when my boyfriend ordered a -piece chicken nugget they gave him EVERY sauce. Im talking Honey Mustard Ranch Barbeque Chipotle something or other Jalapeno stuff...and they didnt charge extra. ?For a McDonalds? Thats pretty great.
Found a F***king bug in my burger!!!!!!!!!!
I dont normally rush to post on Yelp no matter what the experience is but my time at McDonalds was one for the ages and even for McDonalds standards...I first walk in and there is a group of  or  employees huddled in the front corner BSing with the manager about some check drama with the overnight staff...It all seemed pretty pointless mundane and something that shouldnt be discussed with other employees let alone with customers in ear shot...But thats just me!So the girl in front of me finishes ordering and moves to the side...Now naturally I was assuming that it was my turn to order...At first I didnt think that she saw me even though I was clearly in front of her but I didnt think she could be that dense...So I began to order...Guess what!?! ?She didnt see me...She was too wrapped up in the aforementioned payroll conversation....I was finally able to put my order in after she put her two cents in with her co-workers she almost forgot the fries that I ordered but I was able to catch her in time...So now I wait....and wait and wait....Now everyone that is working is huddled in the corner talking about the payroll drama...When another customer walks in...She catches him pretty quickly this time and says Welcome to McDonalds! ?Dont worry this service doesnt last...She then interrupts his order to ask a question about two of her female coworkers that came into pick-up their paychecks....After she makes her comment she lets the customer to proceed...Until...wait for it....wait for it...Her phone rings and she proceeds to have a conversation before putting her child on hold to take the rest of the order....Now while I am waiting for over  minutes...I get to hear the co-workers cursing in Spanish.... BSing with each other about god knows what...Learning that there is only Diet Soda and basically it isnt her problem and she doesnt care to elaborate on why there is only diet soda...She doesnt know the menu....When I finally get my food I open the bag and while they had my order right my medium fries were only filled half way and spilled all over the bag.... So now you can see why I had to Yelp about this right away because I would have completely missed some of these crucial points of service expectations....
Mannnn when I step into McDonalds *obviously* healthy eating is not top priority so put more salt onto my fries girl! Seriously my fries tasted like nothing... like it was healthy or something. Disgusting. Otherwise your average McD with slightly higher prices since its midtown. Oh yea they dont have trays if you wanna eat in nor a ketchup stand with those small ketchup paper cups. So you just gotta rip off the paper bag and unleash packets of ketchup on it.Hrmmm but it is  so... good drunk food?
What is a Shamrock Shake? Its a seasonal shake milk? by McDonalds with green food coloring thrown in designed to exploit another made up holiday St. Pattys day. You can tell its fake as crap because the food coloring they throw in doesnt blend well. Parts of the shake will be a deep shade of green and then rivers of white will intertwine with lighter shades of green. This is your first warning  there is nothing natural about this drink proceed at your own risk. In the name of Yelp I purchased a shamrock shake to review. What does it taste like? At first... not bad actually. Like a melted down Andes Mint cooled and thrown into a shake. It doesnt quite taste like a milkshake it just tastes like a chocolate mint melted down.This is good for awhile... until you reach the halfway point and youre disgusted and want no part of the shake. Not sure if it was just overkill for me or if its the shake in general. Worth a try bu nothing to call home about.
This is the only McDonalds Ive ever been to and Ive been to many in the US and elsewhere over the years where only one person is ever taking orders....which obviously causes a large group of people waiting waiting waiting for their food...and it doesnt matter what time you come in. ?Every single time! No matter what time of day you go there. ?They need to tighten up their game!!! Seriously.
Help is slow. Place is dirty. Not one table is clean. No way what I ate was a quarter pounder. ?Small sandwich from what Im used to. Bun is stale. ?Fries half full. All for $.. Stay away.
This particular location needs to work on customer service.
Ive been to this location NUMEROUS times and only a handful of times has the service been good. Workers are ghetto do not have as much customer service than you can get elsewhere healthy. I have stopped going here for more than six months now..
This is officially the slowest McDonalds franchise Ive been to globally and Ive been to quite a few!This is the third visit to this franchise and last.It really is like ordering food in the third world every stage is just done one at a time with a break between each....I waited  minutes I started a podcast and I just finished as they handed over my burger for a McDouble. From where I was standing I could see the bottom burger siting out on the bin for a good while while the other burger was being cooked.I was so hungry I didnt bother saying anything I didnt have time..Lets face it if your dumb enough to eat at McDonalds you deserve bad service.Maybe not the food poisoning this franchise gave me though.P.s. see if you can spot the guy sitting on the prep tables in the back watching TV. He has been there the last two time I have. I hope he is not the manager....Addional Tips ---- it asks if it has TV? I said yes but its only for the kitchen staff!
Worst McDonalds in the world. ?Customer service is awful! They get orders wrong most of the time. ?The staff treat you like they are doing you a favor. ?Dirty too and they mop floors during rush hour.Awful awful awful!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?_!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I used to come here for lunch a lot when I worked in the area last year. Now its just a random pitstop when Im running by Home Depot or Bloomies. Their cash register system is a HOT mess. They have ish registers all in a row and because of the busy location they almost always have all of them active. But here are the problems No one knows whether to stand in  big line or  smaller lines. It ends up just being a big blob of people. Theres nowhere for people to easily pick up their food once its been ordered and ?paid for. There is no pick up here counter. They just bellow out order numbers and its up to you to fight your way back through the line to claim your order. God help anyone who finds their order wrong...Otherwise its just another McDonalds They finally ditched their long-broken escalator in favor of a traditional staircase so thats a plus. As with every McDonalds location enter with low expectations and youll be fine.
Im almost never in Mickey Ds no offense to anyone whos a fan but Im on a health kick and the only times I go there are with a coworker who has a coupon or for the Fish O Filets which i do admit I like. ?The two times Ive been to this particular McDs are on a weekday at pm and a weekend morning at am - both NOT busy times. ?They honored our coupon for Two for One Fish O Filets even though the coupon was half ripped so I have no complaints. Both times I got my food quick and the service was polite. ? I cant say how this place is during rush hour but with  cash registers open and the space being small... i can only imagine it can get ugly in a hurry. ?However the times I was there was A-OK
Allow me to preface this review by saying that I have never actually purchased anything from this McDonalds. Maybe someday I will because I work nearby in the Lipstick Building but not yet.To tell the truth there really isnt any reason to buy food from this McDonalds. East Midtown is like ground zero for bomb-ass gyro guys including the excellent one on the southeast corner of th and rd and the inimitable Rafiqi on th or so and rd. Any of these carts will be cheaper than McDonalds since youre definitely going to pay Manhattan prices at this location. The dollar menu is certainly anemic. There is also an assortment of good sandwich and pizza places around here.So why am I reviewing this McDonalds you might ask. It is simple. rd avenue faces a lack of good places to sit and eat especially on a hot day and if you are wearing clothes that you dont want to risk getting gyro sauce on. If you need somewhere to sit and eat regardless of where you purchased your food this McDonalds is the place to go. They have excellent air conditioning a supply of good napkins clean tables and a nice view of the street. I can attest to the fact that the staff WILL NOT roust you from your seat even if you are blatantly not eating McDonalds. I have eaten gyrossandwichespizza in this location several times and it has been an excellent place to eat on each occasion.
I would say this is the worst McDonalds i have ever been to. Why? Because on the few times that i actually eat McDonalds i choose fastfood due to being in a rush. Therefore it should not take close to  minutes to get a simple burger and fries. They always hand back everyones food before mine. I dont know maybe they do this to pretty girls because it always happens to me here. The staff here are rude and talk way to much. Stop chatting and make my food. That is all.
Open  hours right around the corner from my hotel. Let me just say the dude working the graveyard shift is NOT very friendly. I dont remember his full name but it started with a C. You can just tell he was about one more Would you like it Super Sized away from completely going postal. I had the pleasure of running into him twice during my entire stay what can i say? i like Mcdonalds.. Our second encounter was the weirdest. He started like mouthing something weird to me. I was too drunk to make it out but Im sure it was something along the lines as Im going to shove these Chicken Nuggets up your ass.
This McDonalds has the worst customer service ever!! Only good thing is that its open  hours and my wife likes the HOT FUDGE ICE CREAM SUNDAE! Customer service gets worse past midnight.
Impolite unfriendly staff on morning shift. Bad experience.
This is a brand new location with much cleaner nicer and more modern furniture than most McDs in the city. There are always several open lines & you will be served quickly even during the lunch rush hour. ?You have the option of sitting on  different levels and it doesnt feel crowded. Theres also a  cent ATM for those looking for one 
I dont normally need to review a McDonalds but this one takes the fucking cake for most unprofessional place Ive ever been to. Let me be clear - I am not a wild animal or even a chola in the Bronx and I do not deserve to be called at like I am one of those two mammals. Id rather stick a gun in my mouth before eating at this location again.
I had lunch here with a friend for a few weeks. They seem to be ok but they have a problem with non-costumers spending a lot of time there. Ive seen a man taking peoples trash and eating it and I am pretty sure Ive seen people dealing drugs. My friend and I have decided not to meet here any more.
This MCDs is certainly one of the better locations in NYC but is still horrible. The line always seem so long and things occasionally go missing or are wrong with my order. Other than that the menu and taste is the same. Shortest Yelp review ever.
They take coupons the food came quickly after placing order on a Lunch time.The tables need to be a bit more clean. The outside they should really get someone to get those panhandlers away. Its annoying that you go in or out and they are asking for change. Sometimes they smell.Back to the food. There food might come out quick but it isnt exactly at the best temperature. I go here because its on the way.
This review is about  things.First my local McDonalds and the diligent and familiar employees there and second the return of the McRib Sandwich.I never tasted a McRib previously but ever since I had seen that King of Queens episode that alluded that Kevin James drove all the way to Canada because he HEARD they still had the McRib sandwich there...Ive been waiting for my opportunity.Today that need was satisfied.Its worth a shot. ?No surprises. ?No real fat. im sure they pulverize that a million times over and blend it in. ?No bones. ? Seriously it was decent. The BBQ sauce is a little better than mass Heinz  style and not bad with a mixture of onions smattered on there. ?At $. including tax this was a much better deal than my breakfast today at quadruple the price Now onto the staff. ?Ive grown to understand the flow of this place.Sometimes they get their signals crossed but in general if watch the counter it doesnt matter where you stand just zoom up into that line where the person is waving. ?Drop your order and step to the side. There is nothing else you can do to speed things up. ?This mostly female staff from probably the same country of origin and maybe same neighborhood work well together in their own way. ? times out of  you will be out of there in under  mins. ? mins tops!SignedRibby McRibberson
Really really bad customer service.I have very very very low expectations from customer service but the thing with their employees at this location seriously there was this girl who asked for my order by nodding her headwhile resting her chin on the register we took  seconds to decide and she growl at us saying what do you want in a very thug-ish tone. Not cool.
McDonalds is McDonalds what can I say I almost feel weird reviewing a fast food chain since they are all consistently the same.I visit this particular McDonalds Branch often not for their food but for their  cent Fee ATM and sometime to use their restroom which is very convenient if you are in the area. I rarely eat McDonalds but recommend this Branch if you are in the area and in need of restroom and  Cent Fee ATM which both are also available in all other McDonald branches as well lol.
Thanks Yelp for reminding me that I HAD to satisfy a craving for fries and melty greasy cheese between bread and meat.Of course this McD location made me jump through hoops to get that fat. ?Long lines rude staff long wait for the meal after I ordered and paid.Avoid the disorganization!!
This McDonalds blows and thats relative to my already low initial expectations. If I order something pay for it you dont have it and I get something cheaper instead ... then you owe me some money back. Instead I got a whole bunch of attitude like I was really interrupting something much more important the cashier had to do and then had to debate whether I was owed any money back at all. It sure makes it hard to believe that $ per hour is justified.
$ dollar ATM is always convenient... other then that this mcdonalds is always crowded and has about - bums drifting away inside... not really anything good to say besides that.
Im not sure how else to put this there are a few homeless people who ask for money at the entrance and inside the seating area. That is reason enough to avoid this place.It can be pretty disorganized but chances are if youre here youre fully aware of what youre getting yourself into.Weird bit they dont have ketchup dispensers in the seating area...but wont give you any ketchup packets without being asked. Thats kind of like giving me a burger and fries to go but without a bag.
Its almost a year since the first reviewer wrote how rude the staff at this McDonalds is. I regret to say that nothing has changed. In fact its gotten worse. As someone on Foursquare commented be prepared to wait on line for a LONG time. I waited for  minutes and the line never moved. Ive never had such slow service at any McDonalds and Ive never had such slow service in Manhattan. I never thought Id face this AT a McDonalds IN Manhattan. When a new line opened up the server deliberately ignored me and called out in Spanish to a man who had been waiting in another line less than one minute avoiding eye contact with me the whole time. I got on line behind him. She chit-chatted with him and then went and got his food herself instead of letting the staff in the back do it. Another  minutes. By the time I got to the front of the line no welcome not even a smile for me. I ordered my breakfast. She took my money and then proceeded to take the next two orders--this time of course having the staff which themselves were working at a snails pace get my food. She handed me the bag with no receipt and no thank you. I thought to complain to the manager and then I looked at the nameplate of the person serving me. She WAS the manager. I hardly ever have had a bad experience at McDonalds but I guess theres a first for everything. From now on Im getting my Big Mac fix at Penn Station or any of the other locations OTHER than this disaster at th and th. Just not this one at least until I take some Spanish lessons which seems to be the prerequisite to be treated like a human being.
WELCOME. ?It became patently obvious within one minute of entering this particular McDonalds that they have a different way of approaching the customer. ?Maybe it comes from the owner but WELCOME. ?Not May I take your order? or Hello or Go ahead with your order when you are ready just WELCOME then nothing else.So after being welcomed aloud many times before actually getting my turn to indulge in a childhood treat I finally made it to the front of the line. ?Really it was raining out I didnt have an umbrella and this was the closest place to where I was working today so...Cashier WELCOME.Me  silenceCashier WELCOME.Me  places orderCashier  no movement whatsoeverMe  silenceFinally she slaps a key and it is in. ?She was actually friendly but this dynamic was so awkward that I felt like I had been away from McDonalds too long and somehow lost a part of the lingo between fast food cashier and customer.Service was fast. ?There are good McDonalds and bad McDonalds and this one was just in the middle. ?The burger was warm not hot but tasted fine. ?The coke was not sharp and bubbly and the fries were a little overdone. ?Its McDonalds so there are no expectations but this one just hit the middle.
Filet O F***** Fish OMG.I am not typically an advocate of going to McDonalds but I just had a Fillet O Fish today and I thought I fell in love.While walking back to work I thought of all the ways to justify eating this thing calories! Probably  wo cheese!Light and delicious. No Itis after this sandwich folks!Tartar sauce! One of the most delicious sauces! Small enough to scarf it down and hide the evidence!I feel like I may become obsessed with this so please if you see me running down th avenue to McDonalds please whack the hell out of me.
I think ronald pooped in my happy meal. It smelled like dookie. And then the hamburglar stole my shawty. WTF.
Theres two lines why dont the other customers see it theres two lines whats the matter with them they dont listen theres two lines!Says the woman grinning and chatting and slowly settling in to hang out with the guy working the cash register. Hes grinning back clearly in agreement with her.As they grin and chat to each other the other register is taking customers orders at a steady pace. Customer after customer places their orders.Theres two lines! she crows still grinning and gesturing at the empty space behind her where zero customers are waiting. I dont get these people.She continues talking while the other register continues taking orders. A single line continues to form and move while she hangs out at the other register....Lets get something straight lady. When youre busy talking and taking up the register guys time and crowing about the single line theres a reason for that. Its because your line ISNT. FREAKIN. MOVING.Were not the problem. You are. Other than that not much else to say about this place. McDonalds you guys need to work your line better. Dont tell us to form separate lines when only one of them is moving. Were not stupid. Theyre convenient. They sell fast food. Thats it.
First of all...this location takes FOREVER! I came in for a simple iced coffee. ?Asked for a splash of cream and no sugar...cashier looked at me like I had  heads. ?Didnt realize that was such a diva request?! ?Then the girl making the coffee had to double check what I was asking for...seriously?!? And these workers think they deserve more $$! ?Sadly I like McDonalds coffee way better than Starbucks..but a simple request is asking them for too much. ?Good coffee. ?Horrible service. A plain iced coffee should not take  minutes especially when there are only  people ahead of you. ?Oh and I forgot to mention my splash of cream looks like they dumped the whole damn bottle in there..looks more like a splash of coffee. ?See pic!
Come here if youre looking for an uncomfortable experience. The cashiers as well as the customers make this an unpleasant experience. ?Initially I intended on staying here to eat. However within  minutes of stepping in this Mcdonalds I did not wish to stay at this establishment any longer. The cashier seemed extremely disinterested in his job and mumbled the whole time. While waiting for my order a man approached me and attempted to talk to me. I made it blatantly obvious that I did not wish to converse with him however he continuously tried talking to me. There was also another customer who told the cashier to call his friend because he needed some Xanax.
Im surprised by the amount of negative reviews for this location. ?I actually think that its conveniently located and is also one of the newer cleaner and more modern McDonalds in the city. ?I never wait long on line but it does take a bit longer than usual to get my Frappuccino but I always attribute it to morning rush hour. Ive never had a bad experience here.
Omg yelp is really for amateurs and complainerswho in the hell reviews McDonalds.Its McDonalds they sell burgers and chicken for a dollar!!!!!This goes beyond stupidity!!!!
Its McDonalds same tasty menu and options. The location is convenient as its located right by the train in case you emerge from the space below with cheeseburgers on your mind. I do like the computer display system that allows you to see when your order is ready and something about the layout seemed newer than other McDonalds but maybe I was just excited because I was having a killer craving.
Other than the fact that its super conveniently located right outside of th Street Station  on Park Avenue and that it has more electric outlets than your average coffeeshop offerings are the same crappy low class food youll find at any McDonalds across the nation. I like their $ Coffee and Sweet Teas thoughOne thing thats annoying is the Latino looking manager hunting people down for chilling or loitering around the tables. But for those of us who bought something leave us the FUCK alone and CHILL OUT and stop giving that certain look like were some jobless thugs or something. Some of us want to unwind after a  hour work shift with some coffee while charging our phones for Gods sake!I saw a shady Black yes I emphasize race because that is keeping it mad fucking real just like YOU want it homies! drinking beer out of a brown bag and loitering around and the manager didnt do anything. Que idiota cabron que sos ni verga te pareces manager jodido! Lol
With the amount of time it takes to get your order here its hard to call this fast food. Definitely one of the worst run McDonalds I have ever seen. NO ONE wants to work. Between the lackadaisical cashiers to the employees just standing around instead of preparing food and filling drink orders this place is a mess. Then add the dozens of homeless people in here and you really just want a shower when you get out. I say this yet still go back at least twice a month its downstairs from my office and right off the  train ok? Another redeeming quality is the hash brown which is perfectly cooked -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. ?Word of advice listen very closely to the numbers when they call them out and steer clear of the bathrooms dont even stand near them.
They seem to be pretty quick most of the time but their fries are ALWAYS overcooked.
Coffee. One of the things I just can not live without. Its also one of those things that McDonalds does pretty good.As its gonna be a long day at work today and this outpost is right across the street from my office and I had a craving for their coffee I jumped in after getting off the subway. Tasty hot cup of coffee. Mmmmmm.......Can I just stick an IV into my arm and pump it right into my bloodstream?Still this location always seems to have sketchy characters around it begging for change and hanging out at the tables. Even though the place went through a massive renovation last year and looks nice its still basically the same.
I dont know why so much hate for a McDonalds? I stopped here for a McChicken since I was ridiculously starving. It happens to everyone right?Walked in and in awe of how nice this pace was. Large TV sets glass walls leather seating that was rather modern and artsy-architectural. Went to the cash register and wanted to buy something but it was CASH ONLY. LIKE WHO DOES THAT? Thank gawd I was with a friend otherwise I might have rage-quit on them. You dont tell starving people that you are CASH ONLY.Is a good place to chill and literally a block from my office so I anticipate coming back -- maybe if I have cash seriously though what the frack?.
It takes them  minutes to get u fries cause they are too busy doing everything but working and joking with each other. ?This place sucks
It feels silly to write a review for a fast food establishment but Im writing this only to jog my memory of what happened earlier this week. I walked in with the intention of grabbing a quick post-beer snack with a buddy. We sat down with something like  chicken nuggets gross I know and started eating away. Some few minutes later we hear a commotion towards the entrance. I turn around and see what appears to be the dirtiest looking homeless man with long grey hair and beard and dirt stained jacket with holes in his shoes. The manager happened to notice him immediately and tried to escort him out. One thing led to another and this guy started going off on one of the most hate-fueled rants Ive ever heard. Surprisingly he was quite eloquent and made references to movies pop culture and some literary classics. Objectively speaking I imagined this ish looking man was at one point quite educated and maybe even handsome. I was too busy observing the scene to actually record anything for Youtube. At first he directed his hatred towards the manager and then went into a long address to everyone in the store. Long story short there is a revolution coming and we are ill-prepared. We are leading our lives in ignorance and before we know it the tides will shift. Men like him are congregating and amassing technology and weapons beyond our knowledge. Lol ok. At this point he gestured pulling out a weapon and shooting everyone. At this point the manager forcibly escorted him out against his restraint. A few moments later he ran back in and pulled out an imaginary grenade tossed it in the store and ran back outside. I was just trying to enjoy my chicken nuggets. What the hell.Other than that this location is actually quite nice compare to most of the others.
I admit Im guilty and came here a few times when I had a fix for a McRib sandwich or a  piece chicken mc nuggets. ?Service is just Ok depends on what time of day and how crowded the place is. ? Its not as efficient as other McDonalds in midtown but its not the worst either. ? Its almost impossible to find seating during lunch time though  always packed so better to take your food to go.
This McDonalds went through a massive renovation and is quite outstanding now. ?I go about twice a week guilty pleasure...making me according to Super Size Me a heavy user.
One of the worse McDonalds...Only reason I go is cause its a block away from work...Majority of the workers have bad attitudes and take their time like they are going for a walk in the park..
Nothing special just another McDonalds in the city. ?The food is consistent but the service may vary depending on when you go. ?I experienced a strung out cashier during one lunch shift.. mightve been the poor girls first day on the job... but she completely messed up my order. ?I think she gave me everything on the menu except for the food that I did order. ?lol
Dont be confused. Im rating this a four out of five stars because compared to other McDonalds I have been in this place is really quite nice.They recently remodeled the whole restaurant. Before it was a pretty terrible place but since the remodel it feels cleaner and strangely enough more trendy.Its a McDonalds. Ive been once at around AM but usually I go during the work day hours.Sometimes you get some shady characters there but most of the time its just a bunch of hard working people taking a break from their day to get some of those fries or Big Macs.
Theres really no reason for the employees to be so rude
Swift but not really exciting...  average seconds to fill an order. Overfilled my drink sticky all over the place and the pickles on the cheeseburger here were really small.
I dont know what it is about this particular corner and this particular McDonalds but both are run amok with seedy characters.Ive seen prostitutes in there eating with their pimp. ?Across from them by the window is this guy who is ALWAYS there on his laptop free Wi-Fi maybe?. ?He looks like he hasnt showered in a good decade. ?One crackhead did the Harlem Shake in front of me once.Its just a ghetto McDonalds. ?It makes the one down by West  St. seem really nice.
Sometimes a girl just really wants a McFlurry in the middle of a hot summer dull work day. ?What to do? ?Head over to MickeyDs of course. ?It was the post-lunch lull so no line. ?Cool cool. ?Got my McFlurry with Oreo bits and I take a seat at one of the small booths. ?Got my latest issue of TONY to read and Im good to go.And then unexpected company shows up in the form of a  year old boy. ?He just plops down across from me and starts making conversation. ?Okay so Im a sucker for little kids. ?My moms a pediatrician and I baby-sat for the greater part of my teen years. ?I figure hes just one of those curious gregarious kids so I humor him. ?He asks me what I ate my McFlurry was gone in a matter of minutes what can I say? and I tell him. ?He asks me the age-old kid question Why? ?I tell him do you even really need a reason to want ice cream?. ?At this point Im kinda looking around to see if there are any adults frantically searching for their kid. ?Nope. ?The guy at the table behind the kid overhears our conversation and we make eye-contact - he kinda smiles at me and chuckles.Next the kid asks me what Im reading. ?I tell him. ?Again Why? ?I tell him. ?Then he grabs the magazine and starts flipping through it. ?O-kaaay....Now Im kinda getting antsy. ?Next he starts to eat the mailer insert from the magazine. ?Whats with this kid? ?I tell him as genially as possible Hey dont do that. ?Its not good for you to eat paper. ?Again I make eye contact with the guy at the next table. ?He chuckles. ?I look around the place again hoping to find *anyone* who looks like this kids mom. ?No such luck.Now the kid starts ripping the pages out of my magazine. ?Okay not cool. ?I take the magazine back pack it away and stand up to throw out my McFlurry cup. ?But before I can grab it the kid takes it and throws it away for me. ?Maybe hes trying to make amends maybe hes just a neat freak. ?At this point though I really dont care. ?I take one last glance around the place to see if theres a mom filing a missing child report and see none. ?Ya know what its not my problem. ?If parents cant keep track of their kids its not my fault. ?Im not the worlds designated babysitter. ?Im done Im gone.Could I have gone up to the McDonalds folks and told them about the kid? ?Yeah. ?Was I a jerk for not doing it? ?Maybe. ?Did I care? ?Not really. ?You know why? ?Because you dont mess with a girl and her work break. ?Moral of the lesson Listen to your mama and dont talk to strangers. ?Oh and dont eat at McDonalds.
Ive eaten at Nougatine and ABC Kitchen numerous times but I have to admit that I keep coming back to this fine institution for a great meal that puts JGVs work to shame. ?The french fries are an example of potatoes that have been prepared in a form that may be legitimately considered a work of art. ?The gentle texture and crisp of the fries are testament to the corporations impeccable execution of deep frying and the training that the personnel have undergone to achieve this perfection across the franchise is very much laudable. ?My experience with the beef has been nothing short of flawless. ?As I had requested the patty in my burger was prepared to a medium-rare and the subtle cheese and softly-grated onions danced with the rich ketchup and mustard on my tongue as I tasted thick and quality processed meat between two pieces of toasted and warm buns. ?The acidity of the salted fries and that of the burger did not balance quite as I liked it though I was very much satisfied anyway. ?I have to say that short of make-up sex I have had no better experience in my s. ?To finish my three-course the apple pies were magnificent. ?The texture of the apples led me to believe that they were in fact potatoes but I must commend McDonalds for aptly managing their resources and overhead by taking advantage of economies of scale in purchasing only mass quantities of one ingredient as opposed to diversifying their portfolio this may lead to higher margins in that the franchises would be able to provide more products in their menu e.g. genuine apple smoothies or apple-infused panacotta but would ultimately lead to higher operating costs. ?In any case the dessert was very much satisfying.Though I paid only $. for this meal I must have gained the delight of a $. meal. ?Cheers to an amazing institution for providing a meal aptly suited for all social castes.
Food is rarely fresh never got good tasting fries in this McDonalds. What I thought I liked was the delivery option this location carries. Dont be mistaken comes all smushed cold and steamed and late. If you have time walk to the rd avenue location.
This is the local neighborhood McDonalds. ?Ive dined here twice neither time sober. ?One of those two times I put down  chicken mcnuggets. ?Eating  mcnuggets may sound extremely satisfying but its a highly overrated experience. ?Ill be back most likely not sober.
Stopped in here so my bf could use the restroom while we were out. Julia K explained it best this place houses all of the crazies. I refused to use that bathroom just knowing what I know about McDs and seeing the people there no way! stars for the apple slices!
I live around the area and when Im really hungry at a late hour I come here. Also I can get coffee here for $. Basically the worse customer service in history. People working there look so depressed and sleepy. Or they look angry that life made them work there. Either way you wait in line for awhile as there are bums in the background asking people for change.
I usually come in to relieve my bladder and oh you have to buy something for that. Because the bathroom is clearly first class and they use toilet paper made out of gold leaf. Theres always the crazies in here where else are they going to hang out - all the trendy restaurants around? Oh wait I guess they could hang out in Caravan of Dreams. Since Im a pescetarian and wouldnt touch a fish filet from here with a twenty foot pole Ive never had a meal here. Im a self respecting adult who consumes better than McDs... Except... The smoothies. Though Im sure they find a way to smuggle cow intestines in there somewhere.
This McDonalds doesnt have the best customer Service at all!! Not to mention shortage of staff. I usually come here after a long day of work around pm to buy myself a strawberrybanana smoothie. The person who ordered before me ordered a caramel frappe. I guess the employee didnt wash the blender because my smoothie had tasted like caramel. This McDonalds is super slow. Slow customer service and long lines. Came back  days later to order my smoothie and had to leave because there was a super long line. Very dissapointed!
One thing remarkable about this restaurant in contrast with all the other many restaurants in the East Village --EVERY type of person in the neighborhood eats here. Old folks kids Black White Hispanic Asian sane crazy homeless homeful...crossing every line there is. No other restaurant accomplishes that. Now whether all those different people SHOULD eat at McDonalds is another matter...Be great if theyd introduce an East Village History theme -- pictures of Emma Goldman Yippies ee cummings etc. One last thing. There are people who like McDonalds coffee...WHY???
Worst McDonalds in existence burn the fucker down.Last & only time I was here I got in an argument with a bum about whether or not he lost his spot in line when he went to take a shit.I hope he washed his hands because I know the employees dont. ?And they are worse off than the derelict patrons that frequent this crap hole.Isnt MickyDs known for creating flavors that are consistent from location to location around the globe? ?My burger tasted like luke-warm butt grease & burnt hair.$%#@!
Quick somebody call the fire department. ?Theres a carbon monoxide leak at the McDonalds on th and st Ave. ?The staff are showing the telltale sluggish sleepy signs of poisoning.This place makes me sad. ?Every time I go I see a herd of people standing at the counter. ?It begins the inevitable questioningDid... ?Im sorry have you ordered?No not ?yet.Oh ok um maam have YOU ordered?Oh no Im just here to read the pretty signs.Etc. and so on etc....When you do order the real chaos in the kitchen begins. ?Ive seen Gordon Ramsay on calmer days then some of these people.ANGEL FOR GODS SAKE I NEED FOUR CHEESEBURGERS FIVE MINUTES AGO WHAT IS TAKING YOU SO LONG?!?!MARK IM DOING THE BEST I CAN AND IM HAVING A REALLY BAD DAY SO STEP OFF OK!?! OK?!?!This played out between numerous employees while waiting for my food. ?I didnt even try to hide the laughter.These days the only McDonalds I tend to visit fall under three categories I am within  of a freeway and there are no other options I am in high school its  AM its suburbia Im hungry and there are no other signs of life Im jonesing for Hi-C Orange Drink the colloquial vivid description of the beverage is what really draws me inI took the commercials advice and took advantage of my right as a New Yorker to order the Big Angus burger. ?I had one earlier in the month and I remembered it being much better than your general ten-packets-of-sugar-per-bun-grade-c-beef Micky Ds fare.Oh wow. ?This was bad. ?And I mean BAD. ?Its awfulness may or may not have been highlighted by the fact that I was reading an article as I ate about the fatal cases of superbug staph infections being on the rise in New York. ?The mayo had the appearance of cream cheese. ?The onions looked felt and tasted as though they had spent the better part of a week floating in water. ?The burger meat itself was bland flavorless and had the consistency of ?- oh what the hell am I doing. ?Am I really here wasting a beautiful Sunday afternoon sitting in my living room to write about the inferior quality of a meal at McDonalds? ?Am I that sad?This McDs in particular is used as a haunt for the local random old people clique that you will find in every neighborhood on earth. ?An old woman took a table of four to herself next to me even though seating was scarce as it was and began conversations with like  people who walked in.OH and do you know what I noticed today? ?The aftertaste of Dr. Pepper tastes EXACTLY like Play-Doh! ?Its so weird! ?Half the people who read that just went WTF YOU ATE PLAY-DOH AS A CHILD??? and the other half went Oh my God I know exactly what hes talking about! ?I mean come on it says non-toxic right on the can and the pizzas I used to make with blue and purple toppings were simply too tempting...I dare someone to click ?Formal Jacket Required for dress for this place.OK Im done with this review.
Apparently also doubles as a group home for people with brain injuries. ?Can I get a Bacon Egg and Cheese biscuit with a hot steamy side of batshit crazy???
Stomach ache to go.
You know why no ones reviewed this McDonalds?? Because its the worse McDonalds ever! EVER I tell you! ?I refuse to eat here. I will walk the three blocks to the next one. I suppose if they actually get your order right thats commendable. ?But everythings awful. ?And cold. And sloppily done. And the place is just skeevy. ?The food is all off. I mean its not that hard...its MCDONALDS!! And Ive been to quite a few M-C-Ds in my day but this one just takes the cake...and ruins the orange soda. ?Wow. I just reviewed a McDonalds.
This is a McDonalds after all and I havent ever had an actual meal here but I do have fond memories of just-before-closing runs from nearby bars to buy rounds of apple pies. ?And when you show up and order  apple pies and nothing else they do need to heat the pies right then so they tend to come out piping hot.
I came in here today around  PM for lunch. ?I noticed last week that they had opened in the same place where the KFC stood for decades.I know they added more items to their dollar menu & more selection. so I thought i would try some. I ordered a BBQ Ranch burger and ?a Buffalo ranch McChicken. ?The order was completed in less than  minutes and the service was professional.The BBQ ranch burger is topped with slice of white cheddar barbecue sauce that is decent and crispy corn chips. ?The Buffalo ranch McChicken is a crispy McChicken patty topped with Buffalo sauce creamy buttermilk ranch dressing and shredded iceberg lettuce served on a toasty bun.
I cant comment on the food because when I went to grab a Shamrock Shake for a little late night treat they were closed. An hour before the posted sign on the door said they were supposed to ?be closed. Not impressed.
Its good when you miss your flight and have to spend the night in the airport. You can eat here at am am and am. Not good enough? Well its even better when you have to stay longer because the flights are delayed here  more times in addition to the first  delays. I can only eat the fish sandwich and fries because I dont eat red meat or chicken. The food was hot and the fries were good with just the right amount of salt sprinkled on them.McDonalds of Jersey Airport. Thanks for being open 
Ive come not to expect a lot out of airport McDonalds but this one by far is the worst. ?The only reason they have one star is because they are open before everyone one else. Fries were cold and mushy coke was watered down as it had been pre-filled for the rush and the ice was all melted. I could kick myself for not just making the haul over to the  gates and going to Smashburger but I was feeling lazy. And when is lazy rewarded? ?Never. ?Words to describe the people who work here...eye rolling annoyance and general unhappiness await you.
Their brekky burritos are the best!! And yes this Micky Ds can have long lines in the morning but thats bc folks luv a good McDonalds breakfast. And you cant beat the prices! I mean come on... ?the deli across the food court tried to sell me a Dannon yogurt for $. WTF? At least Mickey Ds doesnt rape its customers by charging outrageous prices for something you can buy at any supermarket for under $... well maybe it rapes our arteries a bit but if you practice moderation you should be just fine.
This has to be worst McD in the entire system. The crew and manager could care less. One girl on cellphone. One girl drinking her coffee. Manager walking around with magazine. All oblivious to customers in line. Food is all precooked sitting on heater so better order something special. ?Fries undercooked and diet coke prepoured so watered down. All of this at airport prices. There are other choices so please avail yourself of them.
Paid the airport mark-up price for the worst Big Mac that Ive ever had. ?The bread was over-toasted to cover up the staleness of the bun...it didnt. ?The Big Mac which is supposed to be a relatively tall sandwich was not much taller than a McDouble from the Value-Menu...which they dont have at the airport BTW.
This Mcdonalds is sloppy. Its fast food but I dont get my food quick. Every time I walk in I dont want to order because the line is a mess and it seems far to long to wait. They take your order and move you to the right hand side to pick up your order. It was hard to pick up my order because it was that much people standing at the counter. Plus this Mcdonald is small there was no real spot to line up to place your order. **The serve here was bad the cashier had attitude problems but I dont blame them because working at Mcdonalds isnt the greatest job in the world. **Surprisingly the place was pretty clean I guess people do clean after themselves here. ****
Always lots of neighborhood folks around. ?Lots of teenagers. ?Busy but standard service. ?Nothing stellar. ?Looks better kempt than the White Castle across the street. ?I definitely wont linger in either for a meal. ?Takeout only!!!
Went to the drive thru at this McDonalds with my fiance on  around pm...Everything was fine with the order....Unfortunately we had to deal with a female backing up her car in reverse nearly hitting my car...We had to drive around her since she was blocking the entrance and her male passenger got out of the car and started making lude gestures and disrespectful comments about my late mother...McDonalds headquarters were contacted the next day and said they were sorry with what happened...Management from this store emailed me back first asking if it was one of there employees that was backing up...Dont they read the complaints correctly???Still waiting for a reply from management to see if they will look at the video tape to investigate...No one needs to be harassed when they go out to eat....
Horrible hamburger & fries here. Go to another location. This place is dirty.
Your better off eating in the restaurant as long as you dont see the counter cause just that alone will get you sick! ?The drive thru  out of  times always forgets something on your order.
Is a review even necessary here? ?Who hasnt had Mcdonalds when they were a kid? ?For those who said they havent had Mcdonalds you probably just crawled out of a rock. ?Or youre just a super healthy person growing up and it wasnt your fault your parents fed you carrot sticks for finger foods instead of pigs in a blanket. ?So this review is for you healthy person growing up or the person who just crawled out of a rock..I will keep this short and sweet. ?Chicken nuggets is whats good here. ?All White Crispy Chicken Nuggets. ?As dipping sauce you gotta get either Sweet and Sour BBQ sauce or Honey Mustard....I think I just told you all their sauces... Anyways burger wise I used to get Big Mac thats two burger patties in a special yummy sauce...now they have some Angus Burger with Bacon. ?I had it last year its pretty good. ?Well thats it. ?Enjoy your Fast Food here...You gotta try it at least once in your life...its been awhile since I stepped into this type of establishment.
Defiantly not the best McDonalds that I have been to. ?The food is pretty much the same as all others but the place itself is old outdated and dirtier compared to other McDonalds that I have been to. ?This location also still has a Play Place inside which I think is disgusting. This time I went there at pm and they told me they didnt have any Frappes left I was kinda disappointed I really wanted one.
Sorry ?am I bothering you? ?Worst customer service Ive ever received ?anywhere. ?This manager should be fired ?along with everyone working the registers. ? Sorry excise for human beings. ?Pathetic. Seen several health code violations while I was here. ?Shall report those Pronto. Gracious.
Ran in for a quick breakfast. Ordered the petite pastries and found a red hair stuck on one of my pastries. Disgusting. Beware!
Its pretty bad. Theyve messed my order up twice. Ive only been there twice. Granted both were drive thru so maybe I should go in next time? I would give it  stars if possible but I guess yelp wants us to be nice.
Kids working drive thru have no idea what they are doing. Usually wait in the pick up window long enough to drink my entire drink and the food is still not ready. They usually forget to add salt to the fries. Today I got sold a pie that said to  enjoy by pm  and was sold to me at around pm. Im not even sure if that is safe to eat. Disapointed in the new location. And a few napkins in my drive thru bag would be nice too.
We were pressed for time to see a movie at PM and decided to grab something quick at this McDonalds.We placed our order at . ?This restaurant just switched from the breakfast menu we ordered lunch Cheeseburger Meal and Southern Style Chicken Meal.The food came fairly fast. ?We sat to eat. ?The food was cold. ?Cold? ?Impossible. They just started cooking lunch items! ?The plus was the pickle on the cheeseburger was crisp! ?You know the food is cold if the pickle is crisp.I returned to the counter and asked for the Manager. ?st person to come over was a manager in blue shirt. ?I knew there was a white shirted manager and asked for her.She was giving me an eye attitude as she turned the corner heading for the counter. ?There was no apology forthcoming no offer of a refund. ?She took the tray and drink snapped her fingers and told us to leave. ?I have never had fingers snapped at me. ?Odd experience.I can now cross off finger snap and thrown out of McDonalds on my Bucket List.McDonalds wonders why sales are down?Horrible cold food. ?Rude and disrespectful finger snapping Manager. ?We wont visit here again.
Place looks like new outside but it is dirty inside. ?Long line one person at the register. ?If ?was another McDonalds close by i would leave.
Forget it about it. ?No hope for these McDonalds. ?Poor management all aroud. ?Drive thru is slow even they got two lanes. ?Cant get the orders correctly. ?Cant believe how it can fall so badly so fast.
Theyve remodeled the place is great. Service is fine for me. Everything is new and fresh.
You can tell the employees deal with some annoying customers- there are some weird sketchy people in there which is kind of a shame because its actually one of the nicer mcds Ive been to. You dont go to mcdonalds for customer service though. Location is great went there for the first time today and food was ok. Prolly wont go back anytime soon though but thats just bc Im not a big mcdonalds person.
Located across from Miami-Dade College-Wolfson Campus.This location is a hotbed for crime. Criminal suspects are at the doors or waiting by the soda machineready to pounce on and scam people out of their wallets. If you go to this place take your gun and baseball bat or whatever you have to protect yourself. If you call the police or  nobody comes and ?miami city police dont care. Employees of this McDonalds are in constant danger and at the mercy of thugs.
A FILTHY HIVE OF HOSTILITY. ?It feels like a place where people would go to pay a fine or maybe surrender themselves for a minimum security prison stint or something. ?The last thing I would ever want to do here is eat something. ?Perhaps I shouldnt review it because Ive never tried the food. ?I went in with a friend who wanted to buy a coffee but it was so horrible inside that I preferred to stand outside in the blazing heat among people smoking cigarettes and panhandling.This is a very bad BAD place.
This McDonalds has pretty poor customer service and no organization. They let people cut in line and knowing that they cut in they serve them. Thats the morning crew. The night crew works slower than slow. They have no regard for customers or sense of urgency. I had to wait about  minutes for two frozen lemonades and then another employee tried to take one of my lemonades away for another customer that had just ordered. The customers as I mentioned make it even worse. A big portion of the crowd that gathers at this McD are scum. They are loud obnoxious and unaware of their surroundings. If you want the worst experience at a McD then eat inside the restaurant. If you are in the area and in need of food or running late for class then stop and get something to go. Why do I keep coming back? $ dollar coffee and .c burgers Wednesdays
This does not deserve  star. Wow! ? Fire the entire staff including management  ?and start over. ?So sad.
AM Tuesday  not much crowd kind of very nice and quiet. ? Am loving that. ?The Cons no e lectrical outlet for Laptop Connection. ?No Ice MAchines.Ive seen better but definitely have seen worse. ?Servic was adequate. ? Hour Laundromat next door with hoolligans littering the parking lotAMOH DEAR= A MAN JUST WALKED TO THE REAR TAPPING ON THE WALLS NEAR YOU TO ASK FOR MONEY!!!!  IM IN THE STREETS I HAVENT EATEN FOR DAYS Im in the rear I saw him walk up singing a song
Yall want $ an hour but Im waiting  minutes for mcnuggets. Yall got me McHeated.
Cant expect much from a McDonalds but this is one of the worst Ive been to. The employees are rude they always get your orders wrong and then have an attitude when they have to fix it. Freshness is an issue as well. Wait time in the drive thru isnt too bad but dont make the mistake of seeing a long drive thru line and go inside. Even if youre the only person in the restaurant it will take forever because they help all the people in the drive thru first. Dont bother complaining to corporate its forwarded to the franchise owner and the rep for them could care less.
I cant believe it!! A Mc Donalds without dipper changing station in the restrooms. Not a happy place for kids  live them at home. Also no orange juice...
GREAT for breakfast. They get you in and out. Service was fast late night but the manager was a little curt. Not the friendlies employee.
Came in for a quick lunch. Ordered the Sweet Chili Chicken Premium Wrap. Had to wait over five minutes for them to hand me the wrap I could see the employee in the back as she made the wrap and when she finished. ?The cashier was busy with customers and the other employees were all running around....Wrap was pretty good. Service was ok - its a McDonalds...
This is my local McDonalds and I LOVE IT. Dont be hatin on ma hood
Horrible !!!!!!!!The restaurant is almost empty so its not rush hour its DIRTY. We cant choose one table they are all dirty. Staff not welcoming no smile rude and more. Mc Donald is normally for children but who can bring kids in this dirty place. Awful.
I realize McDonalds is meant to be fast food but to call this one particular location fast food is an oxymoron unless waiting  minutes to get your items and half the time they are incorrect can pass as fast food now. ?I dont know why my friend keeps insisting on stopping here for a drink itd be faster to stop at Walgreens get out of the car get a bottle of coke pay and get back in the car to drive off. ?I believe the addition of a second drive-thru lane has created a bigger problem. ?This is causing more congestion as the one right lane blocks people who have ordered in the left lane from being able to advance and join the main paying lane which forces both lanes to immediately merge especially if the ones in the right lane tailgate and wont let you in even though you placed your order before them which would imply your order would come up first. ?You can easily sit in that left lane for  minutes while the people behind you are helpless and honk uselessly trying to move up to place their order. ?In addition the cashier has a hard time dispensing the correct items and keeping track of who ordered what. ?We ordered a soda but were handed a bag with burgers and fries which we promptly returned. ?The associate then asked us if we were sure we hadnt ordered that...uh what?? Seriously?! Way to take responsibility for your mistakes. ?Next time this happens well just take the burger and fries and get a drink elsewhere instead of being subjected to this stupid questioning and eternal waits.
I would usually not write a review on a McDonalds but this one is SO BAD!!! To give it one star is actually quite generous. ?People who give it two stars... you are just being too nice. ?The people that work there try to be nice but I just feel its not in their DNA of how to treat people. ?I usually am not one to complain but I had out loud on occasion to the manager when the cashier answered her cell phone while ringing me up. ?Obviously she was expecting an important call. ?Who am I to interrupt the situation. ?When you order your food they act like they have no idea what your are talking about An egg McMuffin what is that??? - it becomes comical when I go in I just expect awful service...but its just so close to where I live to drive somewhere else would be silly.
I was telling a fellow Yelper through another Social media site that sometimes Mickey Ds hits the spot even for Sunday night dinner as I was parking after a day hanging around the city at Miamis th Birthday. Alas I think I picked the wrong location.The food when served correctly is generic McDonalds tasted OK. The fries were even warm and not salty. They had cherry pie yes! BUT. I paid for super-sized and while my soda was the correct size they tried to pass regular fries for which I had to complain.. I paid for the  cherry pies for $ - and I know just one apple pie is  cents - but if I wouldnt have complained I would have been ripped off  cents worth of food. . Gotta love the two incidents of panhandling one with the guy walking straight to my table then another doing so to the patrons in line and then turning street preacher calling all sorts of armageddon on the place when the manager asked him to leave.Dang and its not even full moon night!
Saturday night  am in the morning Em & I drive up to MCD. We patiently make the line. When we finally arrive at the order-speaker-thingy about ten minutes later we - ordered and were told to proceed to the window for payment. everything seems pretty normal up to now. make line. order. drive up. minutes pass between the time we placed our order and the time we reached the window.we hand them our debit card.- machine not working - WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Was it so difficult to let us know that the machine wasnt working when we first placed our order - We had to adjust our order according to the cash we had on us - yes yes my parents always told me to have cash on me and we did - but - ugh!!!!!!! grrrrrrrrrrr - that was a forty-five minute waste!!! We could have very simply gone to TB or Dennys across the street - aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh - thats how i still feel about this situation!
This is the local McDonalds restaurant in my community. I will admit I stop by every so often for their fries which I think are among the best in the world. This McDonalds is a franchise and not owned by the company. I tried to use a coupon I received at the American Airlines Arena at a sporting event and the worker and manager refused to honor it. I sent a complaint to the McDonalds Corporate Office because I thought that was wrong since this McDonalds is the second closet restaurant to the Arena and the nearby bus stop and I didnt think it was right to tell this to the many kids that received the same coupon I did. I received an email from the local franchise owner several weeks later who offered an apology. This McDonalds is located at Biscayne Blvd and  The Julia Tuttle Causeway.
Worst McDonalds ever. If you want to die of old age by waiting for your food then this is the perfect McDonalds for you.
Ive yet to place an order at this McDs thats been served correctly andor with all of the standard ingredients toppings or sides. Kinda odd...
Wow I cant believe Im giving this place its first  star rating. I come here late at night after I get out of work. Needless to say the service is fast the people are friendly and the food is prepared right. I also like the fact that theyre dine is open late at night so I can eat inside rather than have to take my food home.
Poor service. The food here isnt that good at all. The patty in my burger was bland totally lacks flavor. Somehow the fries were good but a bit soggy.
The food maybe good but the service here really sucks. Place isnt clean and when they do start cleaning its not thorough. Even the drive-thru is bad. At the very least they didnt get my order wrong this time.
Im not lovin it. Buuuuut I do have some helpful suggestionsIts drive-thru should change its name to a drive-in since it looks like people go there to put their cars on park and watch a movie. Park your damn car and brisk walk some fries off while you pick up your meal dammit. But of course if you do choose the drive-in please enjoy your movie and make sure to check your bag before you leave. The employees usually like to play a game of Can you guess whats missing? without letting you know youre a contestant. P.S. I suggest you avoid ordering the fish fillet no matter how strongly you feel towards the song or what some random check ordered.....it sucks and so does that chicks taste.
I gave this place  chances to prove itself. The first time I went there the drive through line was so long that I parked and stood on line for  minutes to buy a milk shake even though there were only  people ahead of me. The next time the rain was pouring down so no line at the drive through. I ordered the fish fillet meal with extra ketchup. Guess how much ketchup I got !
Sometimes youve got to take a break from the organic cage-free free range low carb high protein S*** and just have some fries.That brings us to this McDonalds location on Bird Rd and Ludlam. I dont know what exactly it is about this location but it scares me. My husband and I have been to this location a couple of times and its never been pretty. The line at the drive-through is impossible. I drive past this McDonalds several times a week and the line always seems to be at least  cars long.Inside the restaurant isnt any better. The lines arent as bad as outside but the crowd is definitely not the greatest. Lets just say that I would never feel comfortable coming here alone or after dark.  stars for the hot and fresh fries.
The drive thru is almost Biblical like  cars chillin..hell no! ?So I park and head inside why o why did I go inside. Seems like there should be security officer in there. Shady and dirty... OH HELL NO! I gave it star bc u can pick up grub late at nite
Parking here is horrible if you do park try to back in. The drive through is always packed and they never use both outside ordering stations. Inside is a little better but there are a lot of questionable people especially at nighttime. Food is ok it is a McDonalds after all.
I totally got my fix for fast food at this place!Yummy fries Big Mac Chicken Nuggets - where can you go wrong?!?!?!
Lord do I despise this place. If it wasnt for the fact that they are right next door to me quick & cheap I would never come here. First of all this place is always packed and dirty. None of the employees speak any English we are in America wtf?So I was standing in line behind someone and the cashier asks how can I help you? Umm excuse me there is someone still putting there change in their purse how rude! I told her to wait she insisted I place my order so I did. She took the next person while my good was placed on the tray. So both the cashier and customer are breathing over my food. How disgusting is this?There customer service is horrible. The manager apparently doesnt know what he is doing! I asked once to receive a refund for an order I did not place it was a mistake on their park and he gave me a dollar BACK! Really?!?! Horrible all around.
 price nuggets order no sweet and sour sauce available . Cashier says discontinued.?
Employees dont try and help you out take your order in the most boring way possible then dont even give you the right sauces you ask for.
This McDonalds is right next to my parents house so I found myself here twice now and both times I wanted to run out screaming.Seriously out of the endless fodd options in Miami beach WHY do I get dragged to McDonalds? I blame my son still never again he can get a burger ANYWHERE else!Both times the service was atrocious the people in here scary. There was a long line I just wanted to get a burger for the kid and move on. Some guy behind me stood REALLY close and then kept yelling at me that I was making him uncompfortable why was i staring at him he yelled I was to stop touching him then he yelled for help and through himself to the ground yelling I was abusing him...uhhh....really dude? I just want a burger?!!Miami is full of interesting people to say the least amusing to visit maybe just not McDonalds.
I dont really eat fast food let alone Yelp about it. ?I havent eaten at McDonalds in years. ?I shouldve known that agreeing to indulge in a friends Quarter Pounder craving would end badly. ?But visions of Chicken McNuggets and that elusive Shamrock Shake started dancing in my head and I relented.On our way there we keep hearing ads for the new Chipotle BBQ Angus burger and since that almost sounds kinda good I decided to give it a shot. ?My friend gets the Quarter Pounder. ?We decide to share a little thing of McNuggets. ?Alls well when we place our order.Then we pull up to the drive-thru and theyre doing something to the awning. ?Like tearing it off which involves  people a ladder and complete blockage of access to the drive-thru window. ?So now the ladder-assist woman is our intermediary for the drive through window. ?Weird but it worked I guess. ?A quick check of the bag reveals that they didnt outright forget to put anything in our bag.Back at the abode Im ready to dive into my burger. ?I open the box. ?Hmm...looks a little thin for a burger. ?I open the bun. ?Oh thats why. ?They didnt put the burger on my burger!! ?Just the cheese pickles bacon onions and BBQ sauce. ?Are you frickin kidding me?! ?No excuses McDonalds. ?No excuses.And the fries were undercooked and soggy. ?And they didnt have the Shamrock Shake. ?If I ever find myself back at this McDonalds it will be against my will.
I have never in my life wrote a corporation to complain about the business until this McDonalds. I am there everyday with the same coffee order and everyday they get it wrong. You would think after going there everyday for months you would think they would know the order by now but apparently they are stoned or something. Also more than once I have attempted to order ice cream after nine at night and they tell me the ice cream machine is broken because they are too lazy to fill it up. It is a credit to the McDonalds corporation that they actually responded to the complaint letter and said they would fix it-the next day still the wrong coffee order.
One of the only  hour drive-thru spots in South Beach.Do I really need to review the food?
This McDonalds is located directly across from University of Miami which is the why it is such a hub for students. ?The inside is usually kept clean but is on the small side. ?The drive through can be a pain to deal with because of the long waits and relatively slow costumer service. ?Main issue with this McDonalds is the lack of selection at random times. ?Sometimes there randomly will only be accepting cash which seems to happen on the daily. ?Also ice cream has been down it seems towards the late night.
Just went thru the drive-thru PAID for a Medium coffee Bagel WITH CREAM CHEESE and when I get to my destination and open the small bag that was handed to me at the window there is nothing but the bagel!!! No cream cheese no napkins no jelly!!!! Seriously dude!?! How do you hand your customer a bag without napkins!!! And nevermind the cream cheese I actually paid for!??!?! Ugh! I hope they go out of business! Note to this McDonalds you just stole the cream cheese I paid for and didnt receive!!! Thieves!!! And you caused mental anguish by depriving me of my enjoyment of breakfast the way I asked for it!!! Dimwits!
Oct   After giving me a wrap rather then a chicken sandwich the young black guy with a shaved headreal short hair wouldnt let me order a mcflurry from the window and I had to get out to do dat. Coworker you made him come in to order ?! Guy  yeah this aint Burger King. **NEWSFLASH** buddy just bc you hate your job doesnt mean you gotta hate me on me. Leave your SH!T attitude where it belongs. The drive through is so my lazy a$$ doesnt have to walk inside.
The customer service is alright and the food is basically what every mcdonalds has. Every night they only take cash which sucks for me because I dont carry cash but if you ask the staff they are cool with explaining. Usually  is hella busy with middle schoolers and college students. Best time to go is probably like  noon I guess. I go their all the time.
This location has gotten better over the last couple years. Quick and painless drive through ask for ketchup. I highly recommend the chicken mcnuggets or the famous McGangBang
Dining room is small but clean. ?Drive-thru does not work well because customers come off of the side street instead of the main highway. ?Maybe some paint would help I often have to dodge angry drivers who are competing for the small driveway space before the entrance to the drive-thru.This unit is very close to the University of Miami so it can get busy but everyone is nice and friendly.
WORST SERVICE EVER! I have twice before contacted management. It seems now to no effect. I mean its McDonalds. One is not expecting white gloves and waiters but one does not expect that when there are two orders on the board for the cook to just walk away from the line for  minutes. I have written twice and contacted management. Nothings been done. I just wont go there anymore. I will go to the one in the Grove.
Drive thrus are usually quick and painless.... In SoCal at least... The lady working the drive thru was rude and we had to repeat our order x. Even after repeating our order x she repeated our whole order and it was still wrong. After paying and going to the next window we had to park our car at the Reserved spot to wait for our food. Mind you there was NO ONE in the restaurant itself...OH WELL...
Wow. This is bad. Please understand that my expectations of any McDonalds are never particularly high but this amazingly bad level of service was beyond even my lowest expectations. The manager stood at the register taking orders while simultaneously yelling at her staff across the kitchen. Loudly. Obnoxiously. Unprofessionally. She would actually stop the customers mid-order to shout some command or threat to her staff behind. Once I received my food I sat myself as far from the register as possible to avoid the shouting. Unsuccessfully. Not only could she be heard from my seat at the back of the restaurant but at one point she walked throughout the location with her engineer shouting at him the entire time about the events of her recent Managers Meeting and how he would be the one to get in trouble if anyone called her attention to a problem. ?All this in front of a room full of guests. With the food mediocre at best and a McDs on every corner - I will not be returning here.
No ice cream available? Then why is it on your menu? This is not the first time for this location... unacceptable for such a prestigious franchise...To further my frustration I ended up ordering two apple pies in an attempt to satisfy a late night craving only to continue with extreme disappointment. Once I payed for the apple pies and got to the pickup window I was told that there were no pies available and would need to wait  minutes. I quickly replied that I could not wait that long and had to leave and the manager promptly refunded my purchase....No Ice Cream and No Apple Pies... Ill never stop here again...
A McDonaldss with the worst continuing costumer service I have ever experienced on multiple occasions over the course of three years. Lets just say an average wait for a small fry is  minutes.Last night at  AM I pulled up to the drive-thru just as a car was reversing out. I should have known then that I was warned. I continued to pull through but after ten minutes or so no one asked me for my order. So I continued on through the drive thru thinking I could order at the next window. Well actually I sat trapped in the drive thru for over thirty minutes with the line not moving and my car not able to escape the raised drive thru. At one point an older male employee came to the first window stood there looked at me and laughed. Then he turned around and left I assume to continue not doing work.After a waste of  minutes the car behind me left and I was able to reverse my way out. So I have a few recommendations . Since your McDonalds sucks so much please do not barricade drive thru attendees without an escape route. . Learn how to make fast food and . Fire your entirely incompetent staff. Youre wasting your money.This place doesnt even deserve one star. Youre better off driving a mile or so to the next McDonalds.
Be afraid be very afraid. The costumer service sucks big time specially if you are not black and there is an african american attendant. I have seen people getting hook ups based on their race and I have to pay full price?!! WTF. The managers are the rudest and when you order extra tomatoes or in my case onions you dont get what you pay extra for is like they dont compute. I saw a lady ordering a shake and when they go grab the empty cup to make it they stuck their dirty hand inside the cup EWWW!. Then you have people that dont speak English working the counter explain to me how that makes sense. Slow service and the teachers from the school I work at have gotten their identification stolen after using their credit cards here. I am sure it was one of their cousins running the scam. A district manager who was extremly rude was smoking outside with the door open letting all his smoke in has he heard of second hand smoking?? He was barking orders left and right. Damn McDs get it together.
Firstly let me address the previous reviews regarding the acceptance of credit cards only at certain times. If this happens to you please call McDonalds and make them aware of this immediately. Your hard earned cash is being taken by questionable employees in the Grave-Yard Shift. Unless their credit machine is broken it does happen there is NO reason you should be required to pay in cash at any McDonalds regardless of the time. This however has never been an issue for me.I hate to say this but this McDonalds is an utter mess. God forbid you go during peak hours. Chances are youll be waiting for a while andor your order will be incorrect. This applies to both the drive-thru and the dining room. The drive-thru the good ole drive-thru. Please train your employees to speak clearly into the mouth piece in the head-sets. English espa??ol and krey?_l ayisyen Ive tried all three with no luck establishing a mutual connection. Hence the probable reason orders are usually incorrect. The employee turnover here is pretty obvious. Either this is one of the restaurants used for training or the previews reviews are correct. Its McDonalds and yes I do frequent this location. Mostly during non-peak hours.
Ive been here about - times for some reason I have to park until they bring me the order. Gets annoying after a while what sucks its that the food its not even for me my girlfriend likes McDonalds Dont come here if your hungry youll starve to death.Cheers
They have a major fly infestation which made me have to leave and eat in my car. They took forever taking my order twice as long giving me my order and I had to swat flies away from me the entire time I sat inside. I got fed up when a fly landed ON MY EAR and I had to stifle vomit.
This is by far my favorite McDonalds anywhere. Its completely remodeled. Pristine and clean. Then they always have what Im looking for. Shamrock shake? You got it! Well those are out of season but if you were ever in search of a shamrock shake then you know what Im talking about.Its open  hours another plus being that Im a night crawler. Oh and you can use your credit card any time of the day. Unlike other McDs in my neighborhood that have left me empty handed...This McDs is one of the few reasons I refuse to move out of Hialeah. Love!
Hate to contradict previous yelpers but I went there because of their reviews and specifically because they said this McDonalds accepted credit late at night and that they had a lot of items in the menu well guess what only cash at am and they only had McNuggets and a Chicken sandwich went for the McNuggets and they were hard as a stone my guess is that the people who work this shifts in mid week sell food they were suppose to throw away and charge you in cash so they can keep the money otherwise I dont find a logical explanation for this.
Convenient location to grab a drink on the way to the office. Traffic a bit if a problem but I got that one figured now. If you are travelling North on Collins just gotta drive south to do a U-turn....
Always Slow service none of the staff smiles the manager Anthony goes out of his way to show that he doesnt have to say may I help you or thank you after a transaction.Pretty much the whole store refuses to live up to McDonalds service and customer service standards.
Worst McDonalds ever. The service is terrible. Its worse than going to the DMV. In fact I rather go to the DMV however sometimes I need some quick food and its open . Everything about this place is absurd the drive through makes you place the order at the window and they take  plus mins to get to you. They randomly close the doors when they feel like it even though it says  lobby. The employees need better training. There are mentally disabled homeless people that can do a better job of taking your order. This McDonalds needs an intervention...
At this point McDonalds is McDonalds. ?They are the same restaurant after restaurant but every now and then you get the special ones with the playground for the kids or the fake me out Starbucks Looking Caf?? or the -lane drive thru. ?This one has the latter. But dont think that means you are going to get better service. ?Since I work down the street and I obviously am not dieting I have been to this location a number of times in the past month. ?I generally get there around PM to beat all the construction workers who are working across the street. ?I was surprised to see the two-lane drive thru when I pulled up but on two occasions this was a epic fail. I sat there wondering why thee outside lane was moving and the server at my lane kept telling me to hold on! ?I was so frustrated I just decided to pull-up to the first window. I explained that I was NOT happy and hungry! The manager happened to be there and immediately got to the bottom if it. The server apologized and immediately took order. So why the one star? Because this happened twice AND the give you a -minute timer between windows to see of you get served within -seconds or you get a free sandwich. They never make it under  seconds and I have racked up  free sandwiches in a month. Ive shared them with my co-workers so at least someone is happy.
The manager Rolando Rojas is the worst manager i have ever seen in my life! It was so uncomfortable to be having breakfast when the manager was screaming at his employees and i quote  i am going to burn your eyes with coffee maybe you ll wake up just because the lady didnt refill the coffee right then as he demanded. The owners should seriously do something about it there is ways to be a manager. I wont ever come back here.
$ + for a saturated fat meal. A rip off. The people who work there do not speak english. I just ate fries and a chicken sandwich and feel fat hahaah.
If a restaurant is open  which this one is they understand that people have different schedules. People want to eat and enjoy their food at any hour. ?How can you tell me I cant get McDonald fries at am cus youre only serving breakfast. I went back at am to order lunch & the drive thru person made me wait till  for me to order even though there was no one in line for breakfast & they had already turned the menu display.
Worst McDonalds I have been to in my life. Person at the drive thru stopped talking to me and when i rolled up to the windows they were extra rude. the total time it took me to get my meal was  minutes after i entered the drive thru. To top it off ?my order was wrong. go figure. I called customer service to complain.
They are open. Good service.
I asked for coffee with milk and the lively manager on duty theres no other word to describe him actually handed me a separate cup of lovingly steamed milk. ?Now *thats* service. ?There are also plugs by several seats if you need to drop by and charge a phone etc..
All the drive through employees were very polite and courteous. But in the end it is still McDonalds.
Worst manager EVER! The young Latin female manager would yell and belittle her employees in front of the customers. ?We were waiting in a long line she was by the register and decides it a good time to refill the cups. After a few minutes of staring at her to see if she would take my order yells at the girl working the drive-thru to take our order. The manager continues barking orders and insulting her employees as she did NOTHING. ?She does not led by example. WOWWhere is the owner? He is loosing money having this person run his store.
I live very close stop this morning at  am to get breakfast they didnt open until  I didnt care about that. What Im upset about is that the coffee was so bad.. I told her  milks and  sugars.. My mistake was that they ask me if I want it the milk and sugar all ready in the coffee. I said ok. Oh no she was still sleepy I guess.. My coffee tasted like a cup of milk I had to drive Back again to ask to add more coffee but I believe the coffee either was old from last night mix dome fresh with old one or they prepared with too much water. Oh well I was very disappointed.
I mean its McDonalds. My expectations arent very high. I just want two things  My order right and  not to be doused in scalding hot coffee.Yesterday I popped through the drive-thru here to grab a few things to munch on for the kiddos on the way to the store. Its easier for me to toss the kids in the car super early before breakfast and grab something on the way to beat the mobs. I ordered  sandwiches  burritos a coffee and a hashbrown. I get my receipt and Ive only got  of everything listed. Grr. So I rectify it at the nd window pay the difference and have to pull up to the side and wait for the rest of the order. I park briefly to dole out the food and no hashbrown  The line at the drive-thru at this point was out of control and I wasnt about to unbuckle all  kids from their car seats to go in and fight over a $ hashbrown. Whatever.This morning I went through the drive-thru for a coffee after dropping dropping my kid off at school. The girl hands me my coffee with the lid half off and of course its facing me. Im doused in scalding hot coffee - all over my hands legs and of course my brand new BlackBerry  \ ?I look at her in shock and tell her OMG you just spilled coffee all over me! Her response Que te paso? and a blank stare. I hand the cup back to her she fixes the lid wipes it off gives me an annoyed look and kinda waves me away. No apology no nothing. Again I realize this is McDonalds. But damn!
The food ?is up to par with other McDonalds but the afternoon staff is young and inexperienced. They are not very attentive and dont really care about good customer service.Mediocre spot.
We loooooove junk food and we love McDonalds BUT this specific location was a total frustration today. ?We get there and theres about - people in the line before us and. by the time we order maybe another - waiting BEHIND us. ?So we place our order with Roberto who is only in charge of the orders and the register he will not do anything else. ?We then proceed to wait for our food we were hungry and in a rush so this was the easiest and yes unhealthy option or so we thought at the time. So we wait and wait and then wait some more and in the meantime the  people that came in AFTER us got their food and left...its like HELLO!!!! WTF!!!! so hubby complains to Roberto who proceeds to explain that he only takes the order nothing else...duh! then Miguel the manager comes over doesnt like the fact that hubbys obviously not happy with the situation and tells him itll be another few minutes....we.Finally our food is ready and guess what?!?!?!?!?! it was WRONG!!! WTF again!!! hubby goes back to the counter and now he is not nice at all and asks so how long will it take for me to get my correct order? to which Miguel the manager turns around gets hubbys correct order and exchanges it for the wrong one....HUH!?!?!?!?!?! amazing!!! By the time we get our food we are beyond hungry and in a not so nice mood. Oh well at least I have to say that Miguel came to our table when the rush was over to apologize for the incident and to offer us tomorrows lunch for free but we gratefully declined.
THIS PLACE IS A HOT MESS !! Disgusting !! The girl taking out order was scratching her cooter the whole time she was talking to us she could not understand our coffee order to save her life AND after telling her six times I want sweet chili sauce for my chicken she finally tells us they dont have any AND last but not least the fries were soggy and cold and the nuggets where refrigerator cold !! I will NEVER come here ever again !!
Everytime I go to this McDonalds I swear I will never go back but I am an idiot and I do. ?Everytime I go they are out of ice cream literally everytime!!! The lines are always long and then when you get to the window and find out the only thing you want they dont have is the worst!!
Horrible services very long waiting line  mn to get me a chicket nuggets and the drive-thru was infinity.
This is by far the worst McDonalds around. They never get your order right at the drive thru or inside for that matter. Bunch of incompetent people at this one.
Clean restaurant. Always packed and you can bet your lunch that no one there will speak english. Service is usuallly slow and the parking lot is a nightmare.
very good mcdonalds good service
Came here for the McCafe.Coffee was a little less bitter than Starbucks cheaper so overall it was good. Clean and modern interior seem out of place with kids sometimes around. I wouldnt mind returning since its close by the highways - good meeting point especially with the big table they have.Big negative It smells like a McDonalds. You dont normally want to smell that if youre ordering coffee.I agree with Michelle - going southbound on US  is not easy. But this McDonalds looks better than the one near the Starbucks a little bit farther north of this location on US .
I actually got in an accident trying to leave this location.They need a turn arrow at this light. There isnt any.I give it  stars not because it is a McDonalds but by comparing it to other McDonalds.The concept is fast food. It should be fast. It should be convenient. The location sucks because again of the traffic and light situation.The service is also slow even for McDonalds standards.
Came here for breakfast and there was total chaos. Customers were about to ript because the orders were taking forever. The ordering was super easy but once you ordered the chaos started. Fifteen minutes later after ordering we received our food. Everything was hot which is good but the biscuits were hard. My wife ordere the pumpkin spice latte but returned it because it didnt taste good. Overall we dont think we will be returning to this McDonalds.
I dont like mcdonalds but go once in a great while I go. Horrible always gets my order wrong Ive been there four times in the  years Ive lived in this area and every order wrong! Went back told supervisor no apology serious crabby face and just gave me right order. I will never again go there. pass this one right up trust me!
If they went any slower I would have grown a man beard. Which is difficult seeing how I am a woman. Im sitting in the drive through as I write this. Ive been here for  minutes without moving and there are only two of us in line. Let me get out my shaving kit... while I wish I cared so little of deadlines and time constraints I just want my coffee dangit!
I am very amazed at the hard working employees of this McDonalds. They are so busy at this downtown location yet they manage to serve you your meal with a smile. They have so many different kinds of people tourists students ?workers and of course plenty of street bumscrazies. Yet they seem to function seamlessly. I come here because I am hooked on their McCafees and recently Frappuccinos and occasional small fries. It just amazes me that such a busy location can function so nicely. My order is always taken promptly. I do not stand in line more that  minutes and I am treated with a smile and because of this I took time out of my day to write this review for them as a thank you!
Managers are rude to customers I asked if the apples pies were soft or hard. The manager replied there apples pies Man what kind of answer is that!
Best place on Park Avenue to meet homeless people black who steal Wifi @ AM and drunk angry people who were not granted access to the roof top bar across the street! Dont forget to tip the homeless guy outside though he opens the door for you!
Worst customer service ever!!!!!!!!!!!!over .min In a drive thru!!!!!!!!!!Beyond ridiculous!!!!!!!......And no body there seems to freaking care......asked for manager Catalina......never came to window!!!!!. ? ? For sure NEVER will stop by again.....and make sure my friends and family dont either!!!!
I wont be critical because it was only a Mcdonalds but it wasnt in a very good neighborhood and I especially know that because I used to live there Bronzeville. The people didnt seem so smart either and they were also pretty lazy. But my real problem was the service. It was horrible the person who gave us our food ate half of our fries right in front of us! ?And later me and my dad called that Mcdonalds and found out that it was the manager who was eating our food. ? ?Ill never go back!
My mom needed to meet a client to pick up documents and I was her chauffeur for the day. The lobby is really nice as is all their locations in the Southwest that Ive been to due to recent renovations. Very modern classy and extremely clean. This location featured an opaque black and white rendition of the Las Vegas Strip on the glass separating the restaurant from Terribles convenience store. The new digital menus are really nice as well and easy to read. I dont really eat at McDonalds so I cant say much about the food. What I do usually order and enjoy was their Vanilla Cone. Delicious non-fat vanilla soft serve in a light and crispy cone. The best part of this location is the fact that it is one of the very few corporate stores in the valley and offers the Vanilla Cone at just $. $. after sales tax!! What an awesome deal! Especially when franchised locations charge $ and up.So based on the nice welcoming lobby and consistently delicious Cone I have no complaints. BONUS Free Wi-Fi and the lobby and drive-thru are open  hours!
This is not a family-friendly location. Theres ALWAYS a crowd of undesirables hanging outside and even inside. The police are always circling around sometimes - police cars at once. I also witnessed an older gentleman pick up who I believe to have been a prostitute. He pulled up shortly after I did. I sat in the car for a while handling business on the phone. He stayed in his car. After a while a young man exited with a woman dressed differently and watched her walk over to his car. They drove away together. I decided it was time to go...
I love this McDonalds! The workers are always friendly and welcome you as you walk into the door! The first time I walked into this store I was shocked! The store has chandeliers and antiques and art on the walls. It looks more like a five star restaurant that a fast food joint! The bathrooms even have gold plated fixtures!Its still McDonalds so the food is the same as everywhere else but the employees and atmosphere makes it a pleasant experience.
Really rude workers and customer service was just overall horrible. The biscuits were hard as rock and their sausages seem to have been cooked hours before I bought it. Avoid this place if possible.
WORST MCDONALDS EVER!Every single time we have been to this McDonalds on Southern Highlands Parkway we ask for our burgers and fries to be made up fresh. ?They never are in fact they are cold and the buns are cold as well. ?Step it up McDonalds! ?Your reviews are bad and this is the Managers fault!
Worst service ever!!!! There was so much trash everywhere and the lady at the cashier didnt even give me and my family water cups. And on top of that she got our order wrong. I wish i could give negative stars because this mc donalds was horrible. There was so much trash lying around my family and I almost left.
Normally I dont review a chain unless something about that particular location stands out good or bad.This location for some reason has the most ridiculous service Ive ever encountered. ?Its McDonalds you say what do you expect? ?Not much really but let me tell you...ENCOUNTER #I ordered -piece chicken nuggets fries and unsweetened ice tea. ?I got the nuggets and tea. ?I went up to the counter placed my receipt on the counter gently faced away from me and said Im sorry I -- ?Before I finished my sentence the employee SLAMMED her hand on my receipt on the counter and dragged it towards her. ?Um... WTF?!I didnt know how to react because she looked at my receipt and threw it away without addressing me. ?I went um...ok... and backed away from the counter to fill my tea. ?I have no clue what I did to piss this employee off but my friend who came with me asked me what the heck happened. ?I said I have no clue Im just missing my fries... ?My friend was nice and *itchy enough to go up to the counter grab the attention of a different employee and told him we were missing our fries.But honestly what is wrong with you? ?Im SORRY you were having a bad day but that doesnt excuse you from taking it out on a customer who was trying to be nice about an honest mistake that can be easily fixed. ?Not a big deal I paid for fries and I have an incomplete order. ?So chill geez.---------ENCOUNTER # friends and I came here for smoothies. ?One of my friends ordered a big mac nuggets and fries. ?Everyone else got our orders. ?My friend waited  minutes for his order to be done. ?No lie we looked at the time on the receipt.Youre thinking um yea maybe they were cooking it. ?No...In that  minutes we saw  employees goofing off bickering with each other throwing towels at each other and basically... being extremely unprofessional. ?They didnt even do this in the back were customers cant see they did this all in front of us just on the other side of the counter. ?Based on the managers asking where the order is they seem to have forgotten about the order.I dont care if you do this at work but can you do this when no one is waiting for their food? ?Its really awkward to be standing and waiting while watching you goof off AND have your manager ask the team where our order is... THREE times.I really felt embarrassed for the manager because this just reflects badly on him but he really should be more assertive and keep his team in check. ?For his credit he did give us a coupon for a free dessert of our choice...which honestly is nothing because I dont ever order a pie cone or sundae.oh and our smoothies were not filled all the way to the top... ?mine was % full.
Every time I come here they mess up my order....I NEVER leave the drive thru window before checking any more....
Dont go here if youre looking for fast food. Theyre fast to take your order but thats where it ends.
Ok ok ok I know its only a McDonalds BUT this one is completely different in decor. Its big clean bright and pretty. With tons of flat screens all over the place. Another big plus to this McDonalds is that theyve got free Wi-Fi while most hotels charge ridiculous fees so if and when you have your laptop you can deal with business while munching on some fries.Even though its smack dab on the strip theres plenty of parking too!
Okay so I came in here yesterday around  P.M. I took a while trying to make up my mind. ?I had seen a commercial about the mozzarella sticks. SO I thought I would try that a ?McDouble and a medium French fries. When I ordered I started with the mozzarella sticks. ?The cashier thought I said chicken McNuggets. ?I corrected her and said the mozzarella sticks. ?Then I also ordered the McDouble and the medium French fries. ?My order was rung up and I got my order withing  minutes. Thats good. ?Bad- I cant for the life of me find where the salt pepper and ketchup is on the first floor. If they have it on the second floor I dont remember. I was in a rush to get home so I grabbed my food and went to wait for the subway. I looked in the bag and was surprised at what I saw. ?In my bag was a medium order of French fries  chicken McNuggets a McDouble and a pack of marinara sauce. ?I used the marinara sauce for the chicken. However in what language does mozzarella sticks sound like chicken McNuggets? ?And I wonder what the price difference was between the mozzarella sticks and  piece chicken McNuggets.I already swiped my Metrocard so it wasnt worth it to complain.
The drive thru got our order wrong AGAIN. I called the manager who argued with me about what was ordered. I had to ask her if she cared or was even going to help me. She just continued to argue that the drive thru entered what was ordered yelling at me and interrupting me as I told her repeatedly they took the order wrong and this is not the first time this has happened. After asking if she was going to be of help she refused saying to call back tomorrow to talk to someone else and hung up on me. Just because an employee here doesnt have to be an intelligent person doesnt mean they can be rude. Im sure she is smarter than a dog and even dogs know how to be polite.
Breakfast for the family and kids. ? of us. ?Messed up the whole order. ?Missing hot cakes missing eggs missing yogurt parfait four napkins four ketchups... star.BUT WHAT DO YOU EXPECT FROM A MACDONALDs IN VEGAS!
If I could put zero stars it would deserve that. Rude rude rude manager. The worst McDonalds I have EVER been to. They forced me to buy a LARGE MEAL when I only wanted chicken nuggets. How is that legal??! You cant refuse to serve what I order because you just want to make more money. WORSE. PLACE. EVER. Calling to complain. What a scheme.
I enjoyed the part where I repeatedly asked if I had the right sauce  times...then didnt. Fuck you McDonalds.
Worst McDonalds Ive been in in a long time! Dirt everywhere food barely warmand slow service. Needs a manager!
When I am really craving for McDonalds this seems to be the closest. But Im no big fan of fast food chains.I dont like this location just because there are bums inside waiting for the bus to go to Atlantic City or whatever...they usually sit and chat and drink some coffee. Same food as any other McDonalds & waitresses are friendly!
Two points right out of the gate . Thuggery knows no race lily white frat boys from the suburbs can be just as vulgar and aggressive as any group with a gang mentality . Rating a McDonalds and McDonalds food isnt really an essential service people generally know what theyre getting - menu and quality wise - going in. The purpose of this review is mostly about the safety factor. People need to know and I think locals already do that depending on the time of day night this place is marginally dangerous. Over my last three visits to Chicago Ive noticed this neighborhood being overrun by flash mobs who do more looting aggressive panhandling and fighting than choreographed performing. In fact this particular McDonalds had to be closed down for several hours a couple months ago while police attempted to restore order. The Water Tower Place Mall about a block away has seen an increase in gang activity lately including the arrest of some armed teenagers. This isnt just my take check out some of the other reviews of this place and this neighborhood. Many are pointing out that the Mag Mile is slowly becoming the Mug Mile. And this McDonalds seems to be ground zero for Hip Hop Nation as they pour off the Red Line after taking up two seats on the subway while grandma has to stand. Apologists and the agenda driven will say and have said These kids are guilty of nothing other than being black in a predominantly white neighborhood. Really? Since when does being authentically black include screaming nonstop obscenities with little kids around black and white? Since when did Chicago get so soft on youth crime? Since when did it become open season on civility? Since when did my reviews start reading like the rantings of some terrified reactionaryfascist? While its mildly funny that Katelyn Emily Ashley and their dolly buying mommies must sometimes contend with this thuggery after they leave the American Girl Doll store nobody not even the over-privileged country club set should have to endure this genuinely menacing behavior. And youth thugs of any race should NOT be permitted to turn this area into the Wild mid-West. Just a thought Rahm - do what you want with it.
I wanted to grab breakfast one morning before work since its just across the street but the restaurant was filled with homeless people! Its like their hangout spot... I waited a lot longer than I needed to just to order. If they didnt have bums loitering around maybe would have added one more star. The staff is not the problem they look like they actually have to deal with a lot if problematic people. They should focus on making the place a little pleasant for their guest. No one wants to eat their burger while having to endure the smell if urine lingering off a homeless person.
